%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/doc/
usr/share/doc/ob-xd/
usr/share/doc/ob-xd/OB-Xd Manual.pdf
usr/share/doc/ob-xd/README.md
usr/share/ob-xd/
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/000 - FMR OB-Xa Patch Book.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/001 - J3PO Factory.FXB
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/002 - KVR Bass.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/003 - KVR Brass + Synths.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/004 - KVR Drums + Percussion + SFXs.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/005 - KVR Keys + Bells + Plucked.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/006 - KVR Leads.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/007 - KVR Pads + Strings + Vocalic.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/008 - ABS Custom Shop v1.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/009 - Breeze Meat-n-Potatoes.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/010 - Breeze Meat-n-Potatoes Extras.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/011 - IW Bank 1.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/012 - Kujashi.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/013 - KVR Community Bank - Part 1.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/014 - KVR Community Bank - Part 2.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/015 - Rin Elyran Bank.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/016 - Xenos Soundworks.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/017 - Joel Obxd.FXB
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/018 - TheBassProject by ThePresent.FXB
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/019 - Phace.FXB
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/020 - J3PO Gold Bank.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/021 - Vivolator.FXB
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/022 - Blank Canvas.fxb
usr/share/ob-xd/Banks/023 - Luke's Soundhouse 80s & Synthwave.FXB
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Arturia MicroFreak.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Config.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Custom.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Dave Smith Instruments OB-6.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Default.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Elektron Analog Four MKII.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Elektron Digitakt.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Elektron Digitone.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/IK Multimedia Uno Synth.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/KORG MS2000.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/KORG micro KORG.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/KORG minilogue xd.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/KORG minilogue.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/KORG monologue.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Modal Craft.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Modal Skulpt.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Moog Minitaur.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Moog Sirin.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Moog Sub 37.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Moog Sub Phatty.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Mutable Instruments Shruthi.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Novation Circuit.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Roland JD-XA.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Roland JD-Xi.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Roland JP-08.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Roland JU-06.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Roland JX-03.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Roland SE-02.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Roland SH-01A.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Roland System-8.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Studiologic Sledge.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Tasty Chips GR-1.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/Waldorf Blofeld.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/MIDI/freds-lab buzzzy.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/button.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/button@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/button@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/coords.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/knob.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/knob@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/knob@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/legato.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/legato@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/legato@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/main.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/main@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/main@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/menu.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/menu@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/menu@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/voices.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/voices@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Ilkka Rosma Dark/voices@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/About.rtf
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/button.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/button@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/button@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/coords.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/knob.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/knob@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/knob@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/legato.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/legato@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/legato@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/main.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/main@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/main@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/menu.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/menu@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/menu@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/voices.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/voices@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/Rin Elyran Classic SEM/voices@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/button.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/button@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/button@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/coords.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/knob.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/knob@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/knob@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/legato.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/legato@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/legato@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/main.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/main@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/main@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/menu.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/menu@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/menu@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/voices.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/voices@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Blue/voices@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/button.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/button@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/button@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/coords.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/knob.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/knob@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/knob@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/legato.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/legato@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/legato@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/main.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/main@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/main@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/menu.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/menu@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/menu@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/voices.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/voices@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Classic/voices@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/button.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/button@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/button@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/coords.xml
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/knob.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/knob@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/knob@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/legato.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/legato@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/legato@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/main.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/main@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/main@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/menu.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/menu@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/menu@4x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/voices.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/voices@2x.png
usr/share/ob-xd/Themes/discoDSP Grey/voices@4x.png
