%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/gpxsee
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/gpxsee.desktop
usr/share/gpxsee/
usr/share/gpxsee/CRS/
usr/share/gpxsee/CRS/ellipsoids.csv
usr/share/gpxsee/CRS/gcs.csv
usr/share/gpxsee/CRS/pcs.csv
usr/share/gpxsee/CRS/projections.csv
usr/share/gpxsee/maps/
usr/share/gpxsee/maps/Antarctica.xml
usr/share/gpxsee/maps/OpenStreetMap.xml
usr/share/gpxsee/maps/OpenTopoMap.xml
usr/share/gpxsee/maps/USGS-imagery.xml
usr/share/gpxsee/maps/USGS-topo.xml
usr/share/gpxsee/maps/mtbmap-cz.xml
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/ATV.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Airport.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Alert.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Amusement Park.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Anchor.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Ballpark.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Bank.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Bar.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Beach.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Big Game.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Bike Trail.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Boat Ramp.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Bowling.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Bridge.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Building.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Campground.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Car Rental.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Car Repair.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Car.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Cemetary.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Checkpoint.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Church.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Crossing.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Dam.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Danger.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Drinking Water.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Fastfood.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Ferry.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/First Aid.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/First Category.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Fishing Area.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Flag, Blue.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Flag, Green.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Flag, Red.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Flag.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Food.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Forest.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Fourth Category.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Funicular.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Furbearer.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Gas Station.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Gear.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Geocache Found.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Geocache.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Ghost Town.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Golf Course.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Ground Transportation.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Heliport.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Hors Category.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Hunting Area.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Iceskating.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Info.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Information.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Left.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Library.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Live Theater.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Lodge.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Lodging.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Marina.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Medical Facility.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Meeting Spot.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Military.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Mine.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Movie Theater.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Museum.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Obstacle.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Oil Field.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Overlook.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Parachute Area.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Park.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Parking Area.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Pharmacy.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Picnic Area.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Pizza.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Police Station.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Post Office.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/RV Park.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Radio Beacon.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Railway.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Residence.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Rest Area.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Restaurant.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Restroom.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Right.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Scenic Area.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/School.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Second Category.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Segment End.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Segment Start.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Service.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Sharp Curve.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Sharp Left.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Sharp Right.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Shelter.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Shipwreck.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Shopping Center.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Shower.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Ski Resort.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Skiing Area.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Skull and Crossbones.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Slight Left.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Slight Right.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Small Game.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Sprint.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Stadium.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Steep Incline.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Store.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Straight.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Summit.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Tall Tower.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Telephone.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Third Category.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Toilet.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Trail Head.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Transport.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Truck Stop.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Truck.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Tunnel.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/U-Turn.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Ultralight Area.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Upland Game.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Valley.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Water Hydrant.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Water Source.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Water.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Waterfowl.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Waypoint.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Winery.png
usr/share/gpxsee/symbols/Zoo.png
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_ca.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_cs.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_da.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_de.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_en.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_eo.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_es.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_fi.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_fr.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_hu.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_it.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_ko.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_nb.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_pl.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_pt_BR.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_ru.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_sv.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_tr.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_uk.qm
usr/share/gpxsee/translations/gpxsee_zh_CN.qm
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/gpxsee.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/gpxsee.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/gpxsee.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/gpxsee.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/gpxsee.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/gpxsee.svg
usr/share/metainfo/
usr/share/metainfo/gpxsee.appdata.xml
usr/share/mime/
usr/share/mime/packages/
usr/share/mime/packages/gpxsee.xml
