%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/reaper
usr/lib/
usr/lib/REAPER/
usr/lib/REAPER/Docs/
usr/lib/REAPER/Docs/REAPER Quick Start.pdf
usr/lib/REAPER/EULA.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/ColorThemes/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/ColorThemes/Default_6.0.ReaperThemeZip
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/ColorThemes/Default_7.0.ReaperThemeZip
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/GM.reabank
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Dumble Overdrive Special - Tweed Deluxe.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Fender Bassman - Fender Bassman.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Fender Bassman - Tweed Champ.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Fender Deluxe - Marshall Stock 70.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Fender Deluxe - Tweed Champ.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Marshall JCM800 - Marshall Stock 70.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Marshall JCM800 - Matchless Chieftain.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Marshall JTM45 - Blackface Deluxe.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Marshall JTM45 - Matchless Chieftain.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Mesa Boogie Clean - Blackface Twin.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Mesa Boogie Clean - Matchless Chieftain.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/amp_models/Vox AC30 Non Top Boost - Vox AC30.wav
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_keymaps/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_keymaps/00 - Default Mapping.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Chromatic.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Dorian.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Harmonic Minor.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Locrian.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Lydian.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Major.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Melodic Minor.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Mixolydian.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Natural Minor.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Pentatonic Major.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Pentatonic Minor.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Phrygian.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_scales/Whole Tone.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/1 - All Notes.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/2 - Accent on 1.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/2 - Accent on 2.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/3 - Accent on 1.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/3 - Accent on 2.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/3 - Accent on 3.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/4 - Accent On 1.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/4 - Accent On 2.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/4 - Accent On 3.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/4 - Accent On 4.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/ix_sequences/5 - Accent on 5.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/joystick_midi/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/joystick_midi/generic.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/joystick_midi/rockband_drums.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/joystick_midi/rockband_guitar.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/sample.reascale
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/seqbaby_data/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/seqbaby_data/_Default Kit.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/animation_toolbar_armed.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/animation_toolbar_highlight.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_add.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_delete_silence.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_digital_sample_rate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_disk_load.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_metronome.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_move_grid_quantize.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_normalize_gain.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_normalize_gain_common_locked.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_primary_external_editor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_disk_mono.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_disk_stereo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_effects_mono.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_effects_stereo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_reverse.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_secondary_external_editor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_selection_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_system.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_time_selection_render.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_time_selection_render_stereo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_transient_dynamic_split.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_transient_dynamic_split_lines.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_audio_waveform_transient_dynamic_split_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_bass_clef_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_clip_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_clipboard_copy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_clipboard_cut.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_clipboard_paste.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_dynamic_volume_ff.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_load_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_midi_channel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_none_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_note_pitch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_random_question.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_selecte_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_source_input_channel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_sws_extension.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_take_lane.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_color_track.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_cpu_offline.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_cpu_online.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_cpu_properties_performance.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_delete.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_disk_properties_resource_path.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_dotted_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_eighth_quaver_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_eighth_quaver_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_env_auto_latch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_env_auto_preview.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_env_auto_read.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_env_auto_touch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_env_auto_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_env_auto_write.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_copy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_fade_shape_cycle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_fade_shape_none_default_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_insert_four.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_item_selected_replace.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_knob_parameter_volume.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_mute.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_pan.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_pitch_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_move_axis.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_move_down.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_move_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_move_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_move_up.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_time_selection_cut_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_point_time_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_reduce_number_points_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_tempo_time_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_envelope_vol.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_autoplay_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_autoplay_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_insert_open.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_pitch_detect_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_pitch_detect_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_preserve_pitch_tempo_matching_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_preserve_pitch_tempo_matching_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_properties_for_current_media_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_properties_for_current_media_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_start_on_bar_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_start_on_bar_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_double_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_double_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_half_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_half_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_folder_add_implode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_folder_add_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_folder_combine.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_folder_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_folder_hide.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_folder_item_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_folder_save_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_folder_seperate_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_folder_show_visible.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_freeze_render_apply_snowflake.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_glue.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_glue_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_grid_adjust_decrease.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_grid_adjust_increase.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_group_add_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_group_add_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_group_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_group_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_group_ungroup_remove_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_group_ungroup_remove_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_half_minim_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_half_minim_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_hide_mixer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_hide_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_hide_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_highlight_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_highlight_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_input_fx_effect.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_arpeggiate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_duplicate_copy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_effects_fx_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_effects_fx_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_explode_lane_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_free_positioning.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_green_arrow_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_green_arrow_selected_replace.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_implode_lane_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_insert_move_space.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_left_edge_grow.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_left_edge_position.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_left_edge_shrink.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_red_arrow_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_remove_overlap.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_right_edge_grow.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_right_edge_position.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_right_edge_shrink.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_select.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_select_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_select_inverse.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_above_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_align.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_area_select_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_cut_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_grow_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_move_end.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_move_horizontal_position_time.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_left_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_right_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_move_vertical_track.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_snap.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_swap.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_take_delete.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_take_delete_invert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_take_extract.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_take_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_take_move_down.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_take_move_top.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selected_take_move_up.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_selection_remove_contents_move_later.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_source_preferred_position_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_take_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_take_selected_extract.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_item_take_selected_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_jog_back_rewind_little_bit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_jog_forward_little_bit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_knob_parameter_learn_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_knob_parameter_visible_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_insert_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_load_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_renum.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_time_selection_delete_remoe.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_insert_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marquee_cursor_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marquee_cursor_selection_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_marquee_cursor_selection_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_all_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_all_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_cc_above.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_cc_below.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_cc_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_cc_pitch_bend.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_cc_scale_slope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_cc_selected_decrease.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_cc_selected_increase.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_cc_set_scale_fix.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_delete_remove_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_envelope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_events_mode_cycle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_events_mode_drum_diamond.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_events_mode_drum_triangle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_events_mode_normal_rectangle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_hide_unused_note_rows.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_hide_unused_unnamed_note_rows.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_item_selected-262.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_lengthen_note_grid_unit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_lengthen_note_pixel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_notes_force_snap_scale.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_panic_all_notes_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_pitch_decrease_semitone.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_pitch_increase_octave-173.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_pitch_increase_octave.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_pitch_increase_semitone.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_pitch_transpose.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_render_apply_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_shorten_note_grid_unit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_shorten_note_pixel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_show_all_note_rows.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_size_full.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_step.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_waveform_audio.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_midi_zoom.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_anarchy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_anchor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_back_left_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_back_left_previous_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_bash.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_bomb.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_brush_broom_clean.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_bulb_idea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_calculate_numeric.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_car.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_coffee.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_devil.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_down_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_down_next_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_drum.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_duck.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_filter.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_finger.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_firewire.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_game.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_guitar.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_guitar_headstock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_gun.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_heart.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_horns.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_house_home.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_ibeam_cursor_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_jack_input_output.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_key_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_keyboard.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_lips.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_mask.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_mic.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_mixer_control.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_monitor_speaker.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_mouse.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_mouse_left_click.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_mouse_right_click.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_network_stream.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_phones.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_pointer_cursor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_pointer_cursor_white.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_question_random.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_radioactive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_right_forward_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_right_forward_next_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_run_backward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_run_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_saint.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_skull_crossbones.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_speech_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_star.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_star_green.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_system_reaper.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_tape.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_tea_mmmmm_tea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_thought_idea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_toilet.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_trash_bin.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_up_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_up_previous_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_usb.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_walk_backward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_misc_walk_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_mute_envelope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_mute_none_unmute.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_mute_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_note_gliss_slide.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_note_tie.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_parameter_scrub.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_path_primary_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_path_primary_secondary_both_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_path_secondary_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_pitch_preserve_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_preroll_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_preroll_clock_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_project_save_as_new_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_project_unused_delete_remove_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_quarter_crotchet_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_quarter_crotchet_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_razor_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_razor_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_arm_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_create_item_seperate_lane.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_loop_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_next_beat_measure.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_next_marker.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_selected_item_auto_punch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_split_item_new_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_stop_delete.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_stop_save.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_time_selection_auto_punch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_time_selection_selected_item_auto_punch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_record_trim_item_behind_tape.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_region_delete_remove_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_region_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_region_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_region_play_loop.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_region_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_region_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_region_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_remove_scissors_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_remove_selection_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_render_effects_midi.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ripple_all_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ripple_all_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ripple_one_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_ripple_one_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_screenset_camera_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_screenset_camera_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_screenset_camera_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_screenset_camera_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_screenset_camera_save_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_selection_inverse_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_send_hide_mute.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_send_show_enable.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_shape_bezier.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_shape_fast_end.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_shape_fast_start.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_shape_linear.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_shape_square.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_show selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_show_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_show_parameter.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_show_send.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_shuttle_back_rewind.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_shuttle_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_sixteenth_semiquaver_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_sixteenth_semiquaver_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_snap_offset_grid_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_solo_in_front_dim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_solo_none_unsolo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_solo_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_split_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_stretch_marker_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_stretch_marker_insert_new_add.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_stretch_marker_locking.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_stretch_marker_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_stretch_marker_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_stretch_marker_snap_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_stretch_marker_time_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_stretch_marker_time_selection_new_add.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_stretch_marker_tonal.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_sws_extension.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_sws_extension_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_sync_follow_play.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_sync_follow_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_system_external.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_system_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_system_set_save_default_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_theme_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_theme_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_theme_refresh.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_thirty_second_demisemiquaver_.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_thirty_second_demisemiquaver_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_beats.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_clock_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_hourglass.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_hours.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_measures.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_minutes.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_sample.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_seconds.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_fit_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_item_cut.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_item_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_item_selected_grow_expand.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_loop_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_loop_play.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_play.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_selection_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_time_stretch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_timebase_beats_position.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_timebase_beats_position_length_rate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_timebase_time.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_tool_brush_paint.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_tool_crop.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_tool_erase_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_tool_hammer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_tool_knife_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_tool_pencil_draw.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_tool_razor_blade.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_tool_scissors_cut_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_track_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_track_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_transport_home_end.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_treble_clef_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_trim_scissors_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_triplet_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_unfreeze_render_apply_snowflake.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_video_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_video_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_video_screen.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_video_sync_start.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_visible_mixer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_visible_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_whole_semibreve_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_whole_semibreve_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_floating_toolbar.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_fullscreen.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_background_synchronize.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_clip.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_docker_bottom.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_docker_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_docker_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_docker_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_docker_top.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_effects.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_midi_editor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_mixer_mcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_mixer_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_navigator.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_new_background.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_next_background.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_performance.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_routing_matrix.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_screenset_layout.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_undo_history.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_window_tab_video.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_in_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_in_selected_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_out_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_out_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_project.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_selected item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/150/toolbar_zoom_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/animation_toolbar_armed.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/animation_toolbar_highlight.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_add.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_delete_silence.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_digital_sample_rate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_disk_load.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_metronome.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_move_grid_quantize.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_normalize_gain.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_normalize_gain_common_locked.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_primary_external_editor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_disk_mono.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_disk_stereo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_effects_mono.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_effects_stereo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_reverse.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_secondary_external_editor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_selection_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_system.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_time_selection_render.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_time_selection_render_stereo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_transient_dynamic_split.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_transient_dynamic_split_lines.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_audio_waveform_transient_dynamic_split_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_bass_clef_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_clip_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_clipboard_copy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_clipboard_cut.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_clipboard_paste.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_dynamic_volume_ff.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_load_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_midi_channel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_none_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_note_pitch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_random_question.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_selecte_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_source_input_channel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_sws_extension.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_take_lane.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_color_track.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_cpu_offline.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_cpu_online.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_cpu_properties_performance.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_delete.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_disk_properties_resource_path.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_dotted_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_eighth_quaver_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_eighth_quaver_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_env_auto_latch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_env_auto_preview.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_env_auto_read.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_env_auto_touch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_env_auto_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_env_auto_write.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_copy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_fade_shape_cycle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_fade_shape_none_default_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_insert_four.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_item_selected_replace.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_knob_parameter_volume.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_mute.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_pan.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_pitch_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_move_axis.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_move_down.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_move_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_move_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_move_up.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_time_selection_cut_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_point_time_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_reduce_number_points_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_tempo_time_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_envelope_vol.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_autoplay_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_autoplay_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_insert_open.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_pitch_detect_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_pitch_detect_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_preserve_pitch_tempo_matching_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_preserve_pitch_tempo_matching_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_properties_for_current_media_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_properties_for_current_media_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_start_on_bar_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_start_on_bar_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_double_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_double_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_half_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_half_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_folder_add_implode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_folder_add_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_folder_combine.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_folder_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_folder_hide.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_folder_item_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_folder_save_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_folder_seperate_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_folder_show_visible.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_freeze_render_apply_snowflake.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_glue.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_glue_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_grid_adjust_decrease.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_grid_adjust_increase.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_group_add_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_group_add_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_group_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_group_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_group_ungroup_remove_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_group_ungroup_remove_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_half_minim_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_half_minim_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_hide_mixer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_hide_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_hide_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_highlight_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_highlight_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_input_fx_effect.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_arpeggiate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_duplicate_copy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_effects_fx_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_effects_fx_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_explode_lane_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_free_positioning.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_green_arrow_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_green_arrow_selected_replace.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_implode_lane_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_insert_move_space.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_left_edge_grow.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_left_edge_position.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_left_edge_shrink.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_red_arrow_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_remove_overlap.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_right_edge_grow.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_right_edge_position.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_right_edge_shrink.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_select.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_select_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_select_inverse.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_above_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_align.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_area_select_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_cut_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_grow_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_move_end.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_move_horizontal_position_time.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_left_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_right_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_move_vertical_track.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_snap.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_swap.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_take_delete.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_take_delete_invert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_take_extract.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_take_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_take_move_down.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_take_move_top.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selected_take_move_up.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_selection_remove_contents_move_later.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_source_preferred_position_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_take_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_take_selected_extract.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_item_take_selected_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_jog_back_rewind_little_bit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_jog_forward_little_bit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_knob_parameter_learn_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_knob_parameter_visible_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_insert_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_load_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_renum.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_time_selection_delete_remoe.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_insert_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marquee_cursor_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marquee_cursor_selection_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_marquee_cursor_selection_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_all_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_all_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_cc_above.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_cc_below.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_cc_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_cc_pitch_bend.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_cc_scale_slope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_cc_selected_decrease.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_cc_selected_increase.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_cc_set_scale_fix.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_delete_remove_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_envelope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_events_mode_cycle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_events_mode_drum_diamond.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_events_mode_drum_triangle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_events_mode_normal_rectangle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_hide_unused_note_rows.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_hide_unused_unnamed_note_rows.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_item_selected-262.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_lengthen_note_grid_unit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_lengthen_note_pixel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_notes_force_snap_scale.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_panic_all_notes_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_pitch_decrease_semitone.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_pitch_increase_octave-173.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_pitch_increase_octave.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_pitch_increase_semitone.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_pitch_transpose.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_render_apply_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_shorten_note_grid_unit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_shorten_note_pixel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_show_all_note_rows.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_size_full.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_step.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_waveform_audio.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_midi_zoom.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_anarchy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_anchor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_back_left_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_back_left_previous_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_bash.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_bomb.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_brush_broom_clean.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_bulb_idea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_calculate_numeric.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_car.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_coffee.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_devil.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_down_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_down_next_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_drum.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_duck.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_filter.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_finger.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_firewire.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_game.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_guitar.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_guitar_headstock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_gun.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_heart.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_horns.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_house_home.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_ibeam_cursor_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_jack_input_output.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_key_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_keyboard.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_lips.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_mask.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_mic.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_mixer_control.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_monitor_speaker.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_mouse.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_mouse_left_click.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_mouse_right_click.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_network_stream.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_phones.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_pointer_cursor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_pointer_cursor_white.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_question_random.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_radioactive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_right_forward_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_right_forward_next_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_run_backward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_run_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_saint.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_skull_crossbones.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_speech_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_star.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_star_green.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_system_reaper.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_tape.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_tea_mmmmm_tea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_thought_idea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_toilet.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_trash_bin.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_up_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_up_previous_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_usb.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_walk_backward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_misc_walk_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_mute_envelope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_mute_none_unmute.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_mute_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_note_gliss_slide.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_note_tie.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_parameter_scrub.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_path_primary_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_path_primary_secondary_both_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_path_secondary_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_pitch_preserve_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_preroll_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_preroll_clock_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_project_save_as_new_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_project_unused_delete_remove_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_quarter_crotchet_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_quarter_crotchet_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_razor_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_razor_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_arm_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_create_item_seperate_lane.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_loop_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_next_beat_measure.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_next_marker.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_selected_item_auto_punch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_split_item_new_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_stop_delete.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_stop_save.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_time_selection_auto_punch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_time_selection_selected_item_auto_punch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_record_trim_item_behind_tape.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_region_delete_remove_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_region_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_region_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_region_play_loop.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_region_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_region_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_region_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_remove_scissors_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_remove_selection_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_render_effects_midi.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ripple_all_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ripple_all_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ripple_one_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_ripple_one_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_screenset_camera_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_screenset_camera_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_screenset_camera_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_screenset_camera_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_screenset_camera_save_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_selection_inverse_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_send_hide_mute.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_send_show_enable.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_shape_bezier.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_shape_fast_end.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_shape_fast_start.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_shape_linear.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_shape_square.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_show selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_show_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_show_parameter.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_show_send.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_shuttle_back_rewind.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_shuttle_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_sixteenth_semiquaver_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_sixteenth_semiquaver_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_snap_offset_grid_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_solo_in_front_dim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_solo_none_unsolo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_solo_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_split_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_stretch_marker_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_stretch_marker_insert_new_add.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_stretch_marker_locking.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_stretch_marker_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_stretch_marker_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_stretch_marker_snap_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_stretch_marker_time_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_stretch_marker_time_selection_new_add.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_stretch_marker_tonal.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_sws_extension.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_sws_extension_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_sync_follow_play.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_sync_follow_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_system_external.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_system_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_system_set_save_default_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_theme_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_theme_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_theme_refresh.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_thirty_second_demisemiquaver_.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_thirty_second_demisemiquaver_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_beats.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_clock_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_hourglass.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_hours.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_measures.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_minutes.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_sample.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_seconds.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_fit_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_item_cut.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_item_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_item_selected_grow_expand.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_loop_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_loop_play.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_play.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_selection_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_time_stretch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_timebase_beats_position.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_timebase_beats_position_length_rate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_timebase_time.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_tool_brush_paint.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_tool_crop.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_tool_erase_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_tool_hammer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_tool_knife_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_tool_pencil_draw.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_tool_razor_blade.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_tool_scissors_cut_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_track_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_track_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_transport_home_end.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_treble_clef_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_trim_scissors_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_triplet_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_unfreeze_render_apply_snowflake.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_video_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_video_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_video_screen.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_video_sync_start.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_visible_mixer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_visible_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_whole_semibreve_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_whole_semibreve_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_floating_toolbar.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_fullscreen.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_background_synchronize.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_clip.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_docker_bottom.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_docker_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_docker_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_docker_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_docker_top.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_effects.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_midi_editor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_mixer_mcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_mixer_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_navigator.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_new_background.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_next_background.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_performance.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_routing_matrix.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_screenset_layout.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_undo_history.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_window_tab_video.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_in_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_in_selected_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_out_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_out_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_project.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_selected item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/200/toolbar_zoom_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/animation_toolbar_armed.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/animation_toolbar_highlight.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_add.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_delete_silence.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_digital_sample_rate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_disk_load.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_metronome.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_move_grid_quantize.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_normalize_gain.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_normalize_gain_common_locked.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_primary_external_editor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_disk_mono.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_disk_stereo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_effects_mono.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_render_effects_stereo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_reverse.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_secondary_external_editor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_selection_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_system.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_time_selection_render.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_time_selection_render_stereo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_transient_dynamic_split.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_transient_dynamic_split_lines.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_audio_waveform_transient_dynamic_split_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_bass_clef_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_clip_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_clipboard_copy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_clipboard_cut.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_clipboard_paste.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_dynamic_volume_ff.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_load_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_midi_channel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_none_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_note_pitch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_random_question.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_selecte_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_source_input_channel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_sws_extension.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_take_lane.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_color_track.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_cpu_offline.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_cpu_online.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_cpu_properties_performance.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_delete.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_disk_properties_resource_path.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_dotted_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_eighth_quaver_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_eighth_quaver_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_env_auto_latch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_env_auto_preview.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_env_auto_read.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_env_auto_touch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_env_auto_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_env_auto_write.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_copy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_fade_shape_cycle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_fade_shape_none_default_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_insert_four.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_item_selected_replace.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_knob_parameter_volume.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_mute.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_pan.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_pitch_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_move_axis.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_move_down.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_move_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_move_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_move_up.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_time_selection_cut_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_point_time_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_reduce_number_points_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_tempo_time_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_envelope_vol.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_autoplay_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_autoplay_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_insert_open.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_pitch_detect_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_pitch_detect_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_preserve_pitch_tempo_matching_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_preserve_pitch_tempo_matching_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_properties_for_current_media_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_properties_for_current_media_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_start_on_bar_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_start_on_bar_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_double_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_double_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_half_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_half_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ex_tempo_match_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_folder_add_implode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_folder_add_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_folder_combine.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_folder_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_folder_hide.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_folder_item_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_folder_save_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_folder_seperate_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_folder_show_visible.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_freeze_render_apply_snowflake.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_glue.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_glue_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_grid_adjust_decrease.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_grid_adjust_increase.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_group_add_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_group_add_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_group_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_group_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_group_ungroup_remove_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_group_ungroup_remove_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_half_minim_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_half_minim_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_hide_mixer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_hide_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_hide_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_highlight_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_highlight_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_input_fx_effect.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_arpeggiate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_duplicate_copy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_effects_fx_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_effects_fx_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_explode_lane_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_free_positioning.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_green_arrow_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_green_arrow_selected_replace.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_implode_lane_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_insert_move_space.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_left_edge_grow.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_left_edge_position.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_left_edge_shrink.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_red_arrow_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_remove_overlap.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_right_edge_grow.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_right_edge_position.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_right_edge_shrink.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_select.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_select_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_select_inverse.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_above_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_align.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_area_select_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_cut_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_grow_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_move_end.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_move_horizontal_position_time.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_left_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_move_nudge_right_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_move_vertical_track.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_snap.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_swap.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_take_delete.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_take_delete_invert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_take_extract.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_take_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_take_move_down.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_take_move_top.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selected_take_move_up.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_selection_remove_contents_move_later.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_source_preferred_position_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_take_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_take_selected_extract.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_item_take_selected_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_jog_back_rewind_little_bit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_jog_forward_little_bit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_knob_parameter_learn_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_knob_parameter_visible_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_insert_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_load_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_renum.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_time_selection_delete_remoe.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_insert_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marker_time_tempo_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marquee_cursor_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marquee_cursor_selection_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_marquee_cursor_selection_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_all_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_all_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_cc_above.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_cc_below.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_cc_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_cc_pitch_bend.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_cc_scale_slope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_cc_selected_decrease.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_cc_selected_increase.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_cc_set_scale_fix.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_delete_remove_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_envelope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_events_mode_cycle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_events_mode_drum_diamond.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_events_mode_drum_triangle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_events_mode_normal_rectangle.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_hide_unused_note_rows.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_hide_unused_unnamed_note_rows.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_item_selected-262.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_lengthen_note_grid_unit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_lengthen_note_pixel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_mode_event_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_mode_musical_notation.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_mode_named_notes.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_mode_piano_roll.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_notes_force_snap_scale.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_panic_all_notes_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_pitch_decrease_octave.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_pitch_decrease_semitone.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_pitch_increase_octave-173.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_pitch_increase_octave.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_pitch_increase_semitone.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_pitch_transpose.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_render_apply_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_shorten_note_grid_unit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_shorten_note_pixel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_show_all_note_rows.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_size_full.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_step.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_waveform_audio.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_midi_zoom.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_anarchy.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_anchor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_back_left_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_back_left_previous_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_bash.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_bomb.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_brush_broom_clean.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_bulb_idea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_calculate_numeric.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_car.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_coffee.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_devil.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_down_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_down_next_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_drum.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_duck.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_explode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_filter.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_finger.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_firewire.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_game.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_guitar.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_guitar_headstock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_gun.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_heart.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_horns.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_house_home.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_ibeam_cursor_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_jack_input_output.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_key_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_keyboard.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_lips.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_mask.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_mic.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_mixer_control.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_monitor_speaker.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_mouse.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_mouse_left_click.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_mouse_right_click.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_network_stream.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_phones.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_pointer_cursor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_pointer_cursor_white.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_question_random.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_radioactive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_right_forward_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_right_forward_next_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_run_backward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_run_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_saint.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_skull_crossbones.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_speech_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_star.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_star_green.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_system_reaper.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_tape.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_tea_mmmmm_tea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_thought_idea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_toilet.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_trash_bin.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_up_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_up_previous_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_usb.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_walk_backward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_misc_walk_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_mute_envelope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_mute_none_unmute.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_mute_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_note_gliss_slide.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_note_tie.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_parameter_scrub.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_path_primary_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_path_primary_secondary_both_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_path_secondary_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_pitch_preserve_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_preroll_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_preroll_clock_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_project_save_as_new_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_project_unused_delete_remove_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_quarter_crotchet_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_quarter_crotchet_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_razor_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_razor_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_arm_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_create_item_seperate_lane.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_loop_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_next_beat_measure.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_next_marker.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_selected_item_auto_punch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_split_item_new_take.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_stop_delete.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_stop_save.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_time_selection_auto_punch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_time_selection_selected_item_auto_punch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_record_trim_item_behind_tape.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_region_delete_remove_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_region_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_region_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_region_play_loop.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_region_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_region_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_region_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_remove_scissors_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_remove_selection_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_render_effects_midi.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ripple_all_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ripple_all_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ripple_one_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_ripple_one_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_screenset_camera_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_screenset_camera_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_screenset_camera_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_screenset_camera_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_screenset_camera_save_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_selection_inverse_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_send_hide_mute.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_send_show_enable.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_shape_bezier.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_shape_fast_end.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_shape_fast_start.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_shape_linear.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_shape_square.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_show selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_show_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_show_parameter.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_show_send.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_shuttle_back_rewind.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_shuttle_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_sixteenth_semiquaver_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_sixteenth_semiquaver_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_snap_offset_grid_move.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_solo_in_front_dim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_solo_none_unsolo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_solo_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_split_scissors.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_stretch_marker_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_stretch_marker_insert_new_add.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_stretch_marker_locking.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_stretch_marker_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_stretch_marker_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_stretch_marker_snap_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_stretch_marker_time_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_stretch_marker_time_selection_new_add.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_stretch_marker_tonal.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_sws_extension.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_sws_extension_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_sync_follow_play.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_sync_follow_record.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_system_external.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_system_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_system_set_save_default_disk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_theme_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_theme_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_theme_refresh.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_thirty_second_demisemiquaver_.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_thirty_second_demisemiquaver_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_beats.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_clock_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_hourglass.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_hours.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_measures.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_minutes.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_sample.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_seconds.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_fit_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_item_cut.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_item_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_item_selected_grow_expand.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_loop_lock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_loop_play.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_play.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_selection_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_time_stretch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_timebase_beats_position.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_timebase_beats_position_length_rate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_timebase_time.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_tool_brush_paint.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_tool_crop.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_tool_erase_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_tool_hammer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_tool_knife_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_tool_pencil_draw.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_tool_razor_blade.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_tool_scissors_cut_trim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_track_next.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_track_previous.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_transport_home_end.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_treble_clef_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_trim_scissors_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_triplet_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_unfreeze_render_apply_snowflake.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_envitem_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_envitem_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_grid_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_grid_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_group_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_group_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_load.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_lock_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_lock_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_metro_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_metro_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_projprop.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_redo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_ripple_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_ripple_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_ripple_one.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_save.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_snap_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_snap_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_undo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_xfade_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_v3_xfade_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_video_item_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_video_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_video_screen.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_video_sync_start.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_visible_mixer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_visible_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_whole_semibreve_grid.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_whole_semibreve_note.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_floating_toolbar.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_fullscreen.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_background_synchronize.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_clip.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_clock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_delete_remove.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_docker_bottom.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_docker_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_docker_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_docker_show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_docker_top.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_effects.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_list.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_midi_editor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_mixer_mcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_mixer_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_navigator.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_new.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_new_background.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_next_background.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_performance.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_properties.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_routing_matrix.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_screenset_layout.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_undo_history.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_window_tab_video.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_in_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_in_selected_item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_out_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_out_audio_waveform.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_project.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_region.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_selected item.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_selected.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/toolbar_icons/toolbar_zoom_time_selection.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/ac_guitar.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/ac_guitar_full.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/amp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/amp_combo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/balalaika.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/banjo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/bass.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/bass2.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/bass3.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/bass4.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/bass_clef.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/bass_full.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/beats.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/bin.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/bongos.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/cabasa.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/cello.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/congas.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/cowbell.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/cowbell_more.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/cymbal_large.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/cymbal_small.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/deck.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/double_bass.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/drumbox.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/drums.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/envelope.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/female.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/female_head.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/ff.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/film.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/folder.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/folder_down.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/folder_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/folder_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/folder_up.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/fx.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/group.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/guitar.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/guitar2.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/guitar3.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/guitar4.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/guitar5.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/guitar_full.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/harmonica.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/harp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/hihat.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/idea.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/kick.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/male.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/male_head.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/maracas.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/meter.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/mic.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/mic_condenser_1.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/mic_condenser_2.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/mic_dynamic_1.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/mic_dynamic_2.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/mic_shotgun.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/midi.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/mixer.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/organ.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/overheads.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/pads.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/pedal.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/phones.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/piano.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/pp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/reverb.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/ride_bell.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/ride_rim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/room_large.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/room_medium.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/room_small.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/sax.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/snare_bottom.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/snare_top.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/speech.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/synth.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/synth2.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/synthbass.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/system.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/tamborine.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/tape.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/tom.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/treble_clef.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/trombone.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/trumpet.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/violin.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/xylophone.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Data/track_icons/yeah_you_guys_are_great.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_CCRider
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_DuplicateFilter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_KeyMap
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_KeySnap
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_Router
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_Tool
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_Tool II
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_Variant
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_Velocifier II
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/MIDI_Wobulator
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/Mixer_8xM-1xS
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/Mixer_8xS-1xS
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/PhaseAdjustingRouter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/StereoPhaseInvert
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/Switcher2
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/IX/SwixMitch
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/3bandpeakfilter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/applefilter12db
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/applefilter72db
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/bassmanager
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/butterworth24db
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/cheby24db
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/deesser
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/lorenzattractor
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/moog24db
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/nonlinear
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/np1136peaklimiter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/pinknoisegen
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/presenceeq
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/pseudostereo
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/rbjstereofilter12db
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/ringmodulator
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/shelvingfilter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/simplelp6db
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/statevariable
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/tilteq
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/vumetergfx
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/vumetergfxsum
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Liteon/waveshapermulti
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Teej/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Teej/rbj12eq-teej
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Teej/rbj4eq-teej
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Teej/rbj4notch-teej
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Till/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Till/Auto-Wideness v1.0
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Till/Transient-driven Auto-Pan v1.0 (Receiver)
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Till/Transient-driven Auto-Pan v1.0 (Transmitter)
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Till/Transient-driven Auto-Pan v1.1 (Receiver)
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/Till/Transient-driven Auto-Pan v1.1 (Transmitter)
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/analysis/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/analysis/WigMCVUMeter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/analysis/gain_reduction_scope
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/analysis/gfxanalyzer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/analysis/gfxscope
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/analysis/gfxspectrograph
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/analysis/loudness_meter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/analysis/spectropaint
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/analysis/zoomanalyzer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/delay/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/delay/delay
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/delay/delay_chfun
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/delay/delay_chorus
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/delay/delay_lowres
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/delay/delay_sustain
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/delay/delay_tone
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/delay/delay_varlen
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/delay/time_adjustment
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/dynamics/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/dynamics/general_dynamics
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/filters/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/filters/autopeakfilter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/filters/dc_remove
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/filters/mdct-filter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/filters/mdct-volsweep
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/filters/resonantlowpass
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/filters/spectro_filter_paint
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/filters/sweepinglowpass
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/amp-model
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/amp-model-dual
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/chorus
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/distort-fuzz
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/distortion
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/flanger
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/phaser
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/tremolo
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/guitar/wah
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loopsamplers/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loopsamplers/autoloop
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loopsamplers/loopsampler-granul
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loopsamplers/loopsampler-m2
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loopsamplers/loopsampler-m2-midi
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loopsamplers/super8
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/3BandEQ
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/3BandJoiner
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/3BandSplitter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/4BandEQ
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/4BandJoiner
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/4BandSplitter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/50HzKicker
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/5BandJoiner
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/5BandSplitter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/CenterCanceler
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/Compciter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/DDC
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/DVC2JS
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/DVCJS
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/Exciter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/MGA_JSLimiter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/MGA_JSLimiterST
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/MIDI_EQ_Ducker
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/SP1LimiterJS
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/Saturation
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/StereoField
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/TimeDelayer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/TransientController
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/TransientKiller
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/UpwardExpander
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/WhiteNoise
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/ZeroCrossingMaximizer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/amplitudeModulator
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/gfxGoniometer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/masterLimiter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/phaseMeter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/ppp
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/stereo
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/stereoEnhancer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/timeDifferencePan
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/loser/waveShapingDstr
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/meters/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/meters/bit_meter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/meters/dynamics_meter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/drumtrigger
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_CC_mapper
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_arp
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_choke
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_chorderizer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_chordkey
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_delay
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_logger
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_maptokey
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_note2channel
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_note_filter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_note_hold
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_note_repeater
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_note_sanitizer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_transpose
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midi_velocitycontrol
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/midinoteondelay
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/mtc_logger
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/program_bank_onload
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/sequencer_baby
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/sequencer_baby_v2
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/midi/sequencer_megababy
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/misc/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/misc/adpcm_simulator
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/misc/reverseness
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/misc/tonifier
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/misc/tonifier2
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/misc/video_sample_peeker
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/old_unsupported/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/old_unsupported/dither
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/pitch/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/pitch/mdct-shift
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/pitch/octavedown
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/pitch/octaveup
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/pitch/pitch2
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/pitch/pitchdown
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/pitch/superpitch
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/remaincalm_org/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/remaincalm_org/avocado_glitch
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/remaincalm_org/floaty_delay
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/remaincalm_org/paranoia_mangler
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/remaincalm_org/paranoia_mangler.rpl
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/remaincalm_org/tonegate
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/schwa/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/schwa/audio_statistics
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/schwa/fft_splitter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/schwa/gaussian_noise_generator
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/schwa/midi_examine
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/schwa/midi_humanizer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/schwa/midi_modal_randomness
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/schwa/soft_clipper
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/1175
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/3x3
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/3x3_6dbSlope
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/4x4
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/autoexpand
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/badbussmojo
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/badbussmojo_aa
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/chorus
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/chorus_stereo
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/delay_pong
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/delay_tempo
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/dirtsqueeze
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/eventhorizon
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/eventhorizon2
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/exciter
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/expander
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/expressbus
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/fairlychildish
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/fairlychildish2
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/flangebaby
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/hpflpf
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/hugebooty
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/louderizer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/louderizer_lpf
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/majortom
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/mastertom
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/ozzifier
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/randomizer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/rbj1073
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/rbj4eq
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/rbj7eq
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/realoud
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/realoud_lpf
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/stereowidth
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/thunderkick
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/volscale
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/sstillwell/width
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/synthesis/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/synthesis/sine_sweep
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/synthesis/spectral_hold
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/synthesis/tonegenerator
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/KanakaMS5
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/KanakaMSEncoder1
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/chanmix2
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/channel_mapper
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/channelmixer
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/dither_psycho
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/phase_adjust
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/smpte_ltc_reader
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/vca_follow
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/vca_lead
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/volume
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/volume_pan
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/utility/volume_pan_sample_accurate_auto
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/waveshapers/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/waveshapers/graphdist
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Effects/waveshapers/graphdist-dyn
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/KeyMaps/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/KeyMaps/DK keymap.ReaperKeyMap
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/KeyMaps/German Keymap.ReaperKeyMap
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/MIDINoteNames/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/MIDINoteNames/note_name_sample.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/OSC/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/OSC/Default.ReaperOSC
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/OSC/LogicPad.ReaperOSC
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/OSC/LogicTouch.ReaperOSC
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster.lua
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_100.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_100@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_150@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_200@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_50.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_50@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_75.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_75@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_to_sel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_to_sel@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_to_sel_docked.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_to_sel_docked@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/bin.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/bin@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_empty.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_empty@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_left@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_left_dark.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_left_dark@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_right@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_right_dark.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_right_dark@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_hide.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_hide@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_hide_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_hide_all@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_hide_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_hide_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_tick.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_tick@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_tick_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/cell_tick_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/center_transport.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/center_transport@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/center_transport_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/center_transport_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply_all@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply_all_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply_all_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply_large.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply_large@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_dim.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_dim@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_dim_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_dim_all@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_text.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_text@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_text_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_text_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/dock.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/dock@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/docked_edit.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/docked_edit@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/faderbg_gamma.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/faderbg_gamma@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/faderbg_saturation.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/faderbg_saturation@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/faderbg_tint.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/faderbg_tint@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/help.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/help@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/helpHeader_l.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/helpHeader_l@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/helpHeader_r.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/helpHeader_r@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/help_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/help_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/icon_warning_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/icon_warning_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_env.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_env@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_fx.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_fx@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_mon.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_mon@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_pan.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_pan@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_recarm.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_recarm@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_recinput.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_recinput@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_recmode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_recmode@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_route.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_route@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_vol.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/key_vol@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_A.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_A@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_A_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_A_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_B.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_B@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_B_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_B_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_C.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_C@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_C_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_C_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_A.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_A@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_A_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_A_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_B.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_B@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_B_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_B_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_C.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_C@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_C_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/layout_docked_C_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/left@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/match_folder_indent.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/match_folder_indent@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/match_folder_indent_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/match_folder_indent_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/multi_row.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/multi_row@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/multi_row_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/multi_row_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/next_prev.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/next_prev@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/next_prev_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/next_prev_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_titles.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_titles@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_titles_small.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_titles_small@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/play_text.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/play_text@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/play_text_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/play_text_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/right.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/right@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/scroll_sel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/scroll_sel@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/scroll_sel_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/scroll_sel_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_fx.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_fx@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_fx_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_fx_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_icons.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_icons@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_icons_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_icons_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_param.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_param@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_param_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_param_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_play_rate.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_play_rate@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_play_rate_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_play_rate_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_send.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_send@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_send_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_send_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/slider.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/slider@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/time_sig.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/time_sig@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/time_sig_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/time_sig_on@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/transport_title.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_6.0_theme_adjuster_images/transport_title@2x.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster.lua
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/always_hide.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/always_hide_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/always_hide_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/always_hide_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/always_hide_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/always_hide_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_colour_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_colour_all_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_colour_all_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_colour_all_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_colour_all_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/apply_colour_all_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/arcStalk.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/arcStalk_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/arcStalk_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/arcStalk_closed.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/arcStalk_closed_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/arcStalk_closed_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/bentNail.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/bentNail_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/bentNail_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/bin.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/bin_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/bin_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_leftArrow_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_leftArrow_off_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_leftArrow_off_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_leftArrow_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_leftArrow_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_leftArrow_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_off_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_off_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_upArrow_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_upArrow_off_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_upArrow_off_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_upArrow_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_upArrow_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/button_upArrow_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/col_chooser.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/col_chooser_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/col_chooser_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/color_apply_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/drag_marker.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/export.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/export_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/export_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/export_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/export_all_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/export_all_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/folderBalance_all.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/folderBalance_all_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/folderBalance_all_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/folderBalance_none.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/folderBalance_none_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/folderBalance_none_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/folderBalance_stretch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/folderBalance_stretch_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/folderBalance_stretch_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/font_size_stack.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/font_size_stack_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/font_size_stack_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/halfCapsule_nonInteractive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/halfCapsule_nonInteractive_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/halfCapsule_nonInteractive_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/hide.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/hide_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/hide_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/import.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/import_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/import_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/input_v.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/input_v_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/input_v_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/knobStack_20px_dark.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/knobStack_20px_dark_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/knobStack_20px_dark_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutA_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutA_off_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutA_off_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutA_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutA_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutA_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutB_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutB_off_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutB_off_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutB_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutB_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutB_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutC_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutC_off_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutC_off_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutC_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutC_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/layoutC_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_env.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_env_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_env_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_fx.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_fx_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_fx_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_io.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_io_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_io_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_mutesolo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_mutesolo_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_mutesolo_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_phase.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_phase_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_phase_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_recmon.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_recmon_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_recmon_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_volthumb.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_volthumb_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcp_volthumb_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcpstrip_input.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcpstrip_input_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcpstrip_input_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcpstrip_panwidth.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcpstrip_panwidth_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/mcpstrip_panwidth_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/monitorScale.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/monitorScale_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/monitorScale_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_envcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_envcp_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_envcp_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_error.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_error_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_error_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_global.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_global_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_global_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_mcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_mcp_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_mcp_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_ol_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_ol_off_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_ol_off_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_ol_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_ol_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_ol_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_tcp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_tcp_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_tcp_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_theme.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_theme_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_theme_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_trans.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_trans_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/page_trans_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/rect20_nonInteractive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/rect20_nonInteractive_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/rect20_nonInteractive_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/refresh.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/refresh_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/refresh_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/round20_nonInteractive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/round20_nonInteractive_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/round20_nonInteractive_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/round22_nonInteractive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/round22_nonInteractive_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/round22_nonInteractive_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/roundBox_white25.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/roundBox_white25_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/roundBox_white25_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/scrollbar_v.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/scrollbar_v_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/scrollbar_v_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/selDotOff.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/selDotOff_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/selDotOff_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/selDotSel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/selDotSel_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/selDotSel_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/selDotUnsel.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/selDotUnsel_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/selDotUnsel_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/show.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/show_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/slider.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/slider_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/slider_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/slider_nonInteractive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/slider_nonInteractive_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/slider_nonInteractive_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/spinner_left.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/spinner_left_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/spinner_left_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/swatch.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/swatch_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/swatch_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcpDrop_nonInteractive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcpDrop_nonInteractive_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcpDrop_nonInteractive_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcpInFx_nonInteractive.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcpInFx_nonInteractive_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcpInFx_nonInteractive_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_disable_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_disable_off_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_disable_off_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_disable_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_disable_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_disable_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_pin_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_pin_off_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_pin_off_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_pin_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_pin_on_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_Section_pin_on_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_embedUi.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_embedUi_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_embedUi_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_env.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_env_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_env_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_fx.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_fx_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_fx_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_infx.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_infx_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_infx_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_insert.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_insert_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_insert_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_io.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_io_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_io_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_monitor.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_monitor_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_monitor_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_mutesolo.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_mutesolo_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_mutesolo_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_panwidth.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_panwidth_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_panwidth_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_param.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_param_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_param_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_phase.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_phase_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_phase_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_recarm.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_recarm_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_recarm_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_recinput.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_recinput_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_recinput_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_recmode.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_recmode_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_recmode_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_send.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_send_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_send_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_vol.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_vol_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_vol_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_vol_knob_stack.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_vol_knob_stack_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/tcp_vol_knob_stack_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/transSectionBg.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/transSectionBg_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/transSectionBg_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/vEdge_resize.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/vEdge_resize_150.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/Default_7.0_theme_adjuster_images/vEdge_resize_200.png
usr/lib/REAPER/InstallData/Scripts/Cockos/lyrics.lua
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/Default.ReaperOSC
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reacast.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reacomp.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reacomp.vst.so.rpl
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reacontrolmidi.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/readelay.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/readelay.vst.so.rpl
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reaeq.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reaeq.vst.so.rpl
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reafir.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reagate.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reagate.vst.so.rpl
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reainsert.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/realimit.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reaninjam.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reapitch.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reasamplomatic.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reastream.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reasurround.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reasurround2.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reasyndr.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reasynth.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reatune.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reaverb.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reaverb.vst.so.rpl
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reaverbate.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reaverbate.vst.so.rpl
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reavocode.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reavoice.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reaxcomp.vst.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/FX/reaxcomp.vst.so.rpl
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/Reavura.otf
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/default_layouts.txt
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/elastique3.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/jsfx.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_cd.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_csurf.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_ddp.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_explorer.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_flac.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_host_x86_64
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_midi.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_mp3dec.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_ogg.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_opus.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_python.py
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_video.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_wave.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_wavpack.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_www_root/
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_www_root/basic.html
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_www_root/click.html
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_www_root/fancier.html
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_www_root/index.html
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_www_root/lyrics.html
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_www_root/main.js
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/reaper_www_root/more_me.html
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/rubberband.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Plugins/soundtouch.so
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/ME_loop.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/about-font.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/adjustfade2.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/alt-border-fists.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/alt-drag-fist-left.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/alt-drag-fist-right.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/armedaction.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/arp.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/arrowcop.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/arrowdel.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/arrowslip.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/border_left.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/border_right.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/brush.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/checked.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/chord.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/clef_key.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/cockos-reaper-backup.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/cockos-reaper-document.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/cockos-reaper-peak.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/cockos-reaper-template.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/cockos-reaper-template2.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/cockos-reaper-theme.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/cur00001.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/curve_fadein.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/curve_fadeinout_l_r.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/curve_fadeout.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/ddp.bmp
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/dragdrop.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/dragdropmove.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/env_addpt.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/env_pencil.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/envcp_arm_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/envcp_arm_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/envcp_bypass_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/envcp_bypass_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/envcp_hide.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/envcp_learn.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/envcp_parammod.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/eraser.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/extmix_allresize.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/extmix_allsection_resize.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/extmix_multiresize.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/extmix_multisection_resize.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/extmix_resize.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/extmix_section_resize.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/fade_width.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/fader_h.bmp
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/fader_v.bmp
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/folder_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/folder_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/gen_back.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/gen_back_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/gen_forward.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/gen_forward_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/gen_midi_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/gen_midi_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/gen_refresh.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/gen_up.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/hand.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/highlighter.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/highlighter_left.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/highlighter_lr.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/highlighter_move.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/highlighter_right.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/highlighter_select.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/highlighter_xfade.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/horizontal_drag.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/ibeam.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/insertrow.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_env_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_env_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_fx_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_fx_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_group_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_group_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_lock_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_lock_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_mute_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_mute_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_note_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_note_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_pooled.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_pooled_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_props.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_props_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_rank.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_rank_down.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/item_rank_up.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/main.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/make_folder.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/marquee_sel.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/mixer_menu.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/monitor_fx_byp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/monitor_fx_byp_byp.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/monitor_fx_byp_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/monitor_fx_byp_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/monitor_fx_off.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/monitor_fx_on.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/offline.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/offline2.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/pencil.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/pitch_up_down.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/play.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/play2.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/play2_right.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/play_right.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/razor.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/razor_copy.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/razor_env.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/razor_env_l.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/razor_env_r.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/razor_move.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/routingd.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/size-border.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/size-bottom.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/size-left.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/size-right.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/size-top.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/sm_left_right.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/sm_up_down.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/snapoffs.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/splash-bg4.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/splash-final.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/stop.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/stop_right.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/sweep.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_expand_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_expand_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_locked_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_locked_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_locked_partial.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_remove_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_remove_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_sub_expand_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_sub_expand_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_target_invalid.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_target_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_target_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_visible_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_visible_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/table_visible_partial.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/time_item_sel.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/tm_left_right.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_envitem_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_envitem_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_grid_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_grid_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_group_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_group_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_load.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_lock_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_lock_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_metro_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_metro_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_new.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_projprop.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_redo.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_revert.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_ripple_all.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_ripple_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_ripple_one.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_save.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_snap_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_snap_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_undo.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_xfade_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/toolbar_xfade_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/touch_select.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_env.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fcomp_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fcomp_small.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fcomp_tiny.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_folder_last.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_folder_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_folder_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fx_dis.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fx_empty.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fx_norm.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fxoff_h.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fxoff_v.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fxon_h.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_fxon_v.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_io.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_monitor_auto.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_monitor_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_monitor_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_mono.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_mute_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_mute_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_phase_inv.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_phase_norm.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_recarm_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_recarm_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_recmode_in.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_recmode_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_recmode_out.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_solo_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_solo_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/track_stereo.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_automation_latch.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_automation_read.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_automation_touch.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_automation_write.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_end.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_home.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_pause.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_pause_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_play.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_play_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_record.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_record_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_repeat_off.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_repeat_on.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/transport_stop.ico
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/unchecke.png
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/vertical_drag.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/xfade_move.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/Resources/zoom.cur
usr/lib/REAPER/libSwell.colortheme
usr/lib/REAPER/libSwell.so
usr/lib/REAPER/reaper
usr/lib/REAPER/whatsnew.txt
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/cockos-reaper.desktop
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/cockos-reaper-backup.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/cockos-reaper-document.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/cockos-reaper-peak.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/cockos-reaper-template.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/cockos-reaper-template2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/cockos-reaper-theme.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/cockos-reaper.png
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/reaper/
usr/share/licenses/reaper/EULA.txt
usr/share/licenses/reaper/redistribution.eml
usr/share/mime/
usr/share/mime/packages/
usr/share/mime/packages/application-x-reaper.xml
