%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/games/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/README.md
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/copyright
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/icon.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/icon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/_menu/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/_menu/compass@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/_menu/forest2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/_menu/g5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/_menu/haze-coal@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/_menu/haze-tear@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/_menu/oberon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/_menu/side panel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/_menu/title@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/anti-missile 3 die+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/anti-missile 3 die+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/anti-missile 3 die+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/anti-missile 3 die+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/anti-missile 3 die+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/anti-missile 3 die+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonateleport-9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archonbteleport-9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/archon teleport/archoncteleport-9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/huge+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/huge+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/huge+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/huge+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/large+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/large+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/large+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/large+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/medium+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/medium+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/medium+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/medium+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/small+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/small+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/small+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/small+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/tiny+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/tiny+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/tiny+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/atomic flare/tiny+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/banisher impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/banisher impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/banisher impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/banisher impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/banisher impact+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bimodal impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bimodal impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bimodal impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bimodal impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bimodal switch impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bimodal switch impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bimodal switch impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bimodal switch impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bimodal switch impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blaster impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blaster impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blaster impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blaster impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/blink-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bolide^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bolide^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bolide^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bolide^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bolide^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bolide^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bolide^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bombardment impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bombardment impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bombardment impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bombardment impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bombardment impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/box-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/box-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/box-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/box-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/box-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/box-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/box-6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/box-7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bullet impact-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bullet impact-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bullet impact-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bullet impact-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bullet impact-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bullet impact-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bullet impact-6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bullet impact-7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bunrodea flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bunrodea flare/large+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bunrodea flare/large+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/bunrodea flare/large+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/burning spark-9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/buzzer am^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/buzzer am^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/large^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/large^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/large^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/large^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/large^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/small^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/small^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/small^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/small^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/coalition flare/small^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/corrosion spark-9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/drag cannon impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/drag cannon impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/dragonflame+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/dragonflame+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/dragonflame+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/dragonflame+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/dragonflame+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/drak bolt impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/drak bolt impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/drak bolt impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/drak bolt impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/drak bolt impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/drak bolt impact^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/drak bolt impact^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/electron impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/electron impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/electron impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ember tear/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ember tear/ember tear fire@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ember tear/ember tear impact@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/huge^9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/large^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/large^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/large^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/large^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/large^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/large^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/large^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/large^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/large^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/medium^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/medium^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/medium^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/medium^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/medium^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/medium^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/medium^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/medium^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/neutron^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/neutron^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/neutron^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/neutron^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/neutron^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/neutron^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/nuke+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/nuke+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/nuke+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/nuke+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/nuke+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/nuke+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/nuke+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/nuke+7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/huge^9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/large^9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/medium^9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/small^9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/pug/tiny^9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/small^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/small^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/small^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/small^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/small^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/small^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/small^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/tiny^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/tiny^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/tiny^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/tiny^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/tiny^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/explosion/tiny^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher impact^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher impact^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher sparks^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher sparks^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher sparks^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/finisher sparks^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fire-lance impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fire-lance impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fire-lance impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fire-lance impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/firestorm ring+12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fissionflare+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fissionflare+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fissionflare+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fissionflare+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam aluminum@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam copper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam gold@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam iron@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam lead@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam neodymium@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam platinum@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam silicon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam silver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam titanium@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam tungsten@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam uranium@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/flotsam yottrite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fusionflare+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fusionflare+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fusionflare+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/fusionflare+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/grab-strike impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/grab-strike impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/grab-strike impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/grab-strike impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/grab-strike impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/gridfire hit+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/gridfire hit+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/gridfire hit+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/gridfire hit+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/gridfire hit+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver hyperspace hit^17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heaver shard hit^12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heavy laser impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heavy laser impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/heavy laser impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/horizon grappler+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/horizon grappler+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large+10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+00@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+01@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+02@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+03@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+04@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+05@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+06@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+07@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+08@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+09@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium+10@2x.png.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small+10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/huge+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/huge+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/huge+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/huge+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/large+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/large+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/large+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/large+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/medium+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/medium+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/medium+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/medium+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/small+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/small+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/small+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/small+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/tiny+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/tiny+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/tiny+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion flare/tiny+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ion impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionball ring+11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionic impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionic impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionic impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionic impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ionic impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/large+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/large+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/large+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/large+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/large+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/large+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/medium+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/medium+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/medium+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/medium+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/medium+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/medium+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/small+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/small+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/small+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/small+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/small+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ka'het flare/small+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath digger hit+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath digger hit+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath digger hit+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath digger hit+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath digger hit+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/huge+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/huge+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/huge+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/huge+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/huge+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/large+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/large+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/large+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/large+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/large+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/medium+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/medium+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/medium+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/medium+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/medium+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/small+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/small+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/small+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/small+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/small+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/tiny+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/tiny+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/tiny+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/tiny+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath flare/tiny+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath inferno hit+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath inferno hit+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath inferno hit+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath inferno hit+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/korath inferno hit+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/large anti missile^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/large anti missile^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/laser impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/laser impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/laser impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/meteor fire^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/meteor fire^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/meteor fire^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/meteor fire^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/meteor fire^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/meteor fire^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/missile death^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/missile death^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/missile death^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/missile death^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/overcharged pulse laser impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/overcharged pulse laser impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/overcharged pulse laser impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/particle impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/particle impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/particle impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/particle impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/particle impact+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/particle impact+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/particle impact+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/particle impact+7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/piercer impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/piercer impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/piercer impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/piercer impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/piercer impact+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma cloud+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma cloud+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma cloud+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma cloud+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma cloud+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma exhaust+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma exhaust+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma exhaust+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma exhaust+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma exhaust+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma exhaust+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma exhaust+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma exhaust+7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma explosion^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma explosion^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma explosion^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma explosion^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma explosion^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma explosion^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma explosion^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma explosion^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma fire+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma fire+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma fire+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma fire+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/huge+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/huge+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/huge+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/huge+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/huge+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/large+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/large+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/large+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/large+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/large+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/medium+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/medium+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/medium+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/medium+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/medium+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/small+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/small+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/small+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/small+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/small+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/tiny+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/tiny+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/tiny+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/tiny+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma flare/tiny+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma impact+9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/plasma particle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense die+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense die+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense die+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense die+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense die+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense die+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense fire+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense fire+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense fire+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense hit+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense hit+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/point defense hit+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/proton impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/proton impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/proton impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/proton impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/proton impact+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/proton impact+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/proton impact+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/proton impact+7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/huge+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/huge+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/huge+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/huge+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/huge+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/large+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/large+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/large+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/large+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/large+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/medium+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/medium+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/medium+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/medium+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/medium+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/small+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/small+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/small+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/small+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/small+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/tiny+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/tiny+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/tiny+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/tiny+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pug flare/tiny+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pwave impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pwave impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pwave impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pwave impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pwaveflare+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pwaveflare+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pwaveflare+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/pwaveflare+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/quarg anti missile+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/quarg anti missile+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/railspark^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/railspark^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/railspark^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ravager impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ravager impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/ravager impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant afterburner/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant afterburner/remnant afterburner^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant afterburner/remnant afterburner^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant afterburner/remnant afterburner^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant leak sparkle-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant leak sparkle-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant leak sparkle-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant leak sparkle-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant leak-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant leak-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant leak-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/remnant leak-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/repeater impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/repeater impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/repeater impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/repeater impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/repeater impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/seeker impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/seeker impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/seeker impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/seeker impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/seeker impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/seeker impact^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/sheragiam+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/sheragiam+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/sheragiam+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-hit-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-hit-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-hit-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-hit-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-hit-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-hit-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-sparkle+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-sparkle+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-sparkle+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-sparkle+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/shunt-strike-sparkle+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/small anti missile^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/small anti missile^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/smoke^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/smoke^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/smoke^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/smoke^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/smoke^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/smoke^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/smoke^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/smoke^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/spark^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/spark^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/spark^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/spark^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/spark^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/stagnation beam impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/stagnation beam impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/stagnation beam impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/stagnation beam impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/stagnation beam impact+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/stagnation beam impact+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail hit+9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail live+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail live+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail live+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail live+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail live+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail live+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail live+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail live+7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/star tail live+8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/static+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/static+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/static+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/static+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/static+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/static+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/static+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/afterburner/afterburner^9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/large^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/large^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/large^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/large^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/large^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/medium^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/medium^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/medium^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/medium^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/medium^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/small^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/small^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/small^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/small^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/small^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/tiny^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/tiny^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/tiny^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/tiny^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor flare/tiny^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor pulse laser impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor pulse laser impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/successor pulse laser impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/sunbeam impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/sunbeam impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/sunbeam impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/thrasher impact^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/thrasher impact^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/thrasher impact^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/thrasher impact^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/thrasher impact^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/thrasher impact^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/tracker cloud+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/tracker cloud+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/tracker cloud+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/tracker cloud+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/tracker cloud+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/tracker cloud+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/tractor beam+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/tractor beam+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void spark-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void spark-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void spark-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/void sprite parts/void sprite parts-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer anti-missile+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer anti-missile+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer anti-missile+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer anti-missile+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/large+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/large+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/large+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/large+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/large+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/medium+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/medium+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/medium+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/medium+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/medium+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/small+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/small+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/small+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/small+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/small+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/tiny+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/tiny+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/tiny+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/tiny+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/wanderer flare/tiny+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/yellow spark^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/yellow spark^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/yellow spark^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/yellow spark^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/yellow spark^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/zapper impact+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/zapper impact+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/zapper impact+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/effect/zapper impact+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/acuit@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/annihilator turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/anti-missile hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/anti-missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/ballistic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/banisher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/bimodal turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/blaster turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/blaze-pike@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/bombardment turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/burrower@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/buzzer am@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/choleric@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/digger turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/disruptor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/dual sunbeam turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/electron turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/factory/microbot factory-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/firestorm battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/gat turret hardpoint@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/grab-strike@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/hai ionic turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/heavy anti-missile hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/heavy anti-missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/heavy laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/heliarch attractor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/heliarch repulsor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/horizon grappler@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/inhibitor turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/ion hail turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/ion torch@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/irate@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/javelin turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/korath heaver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/korath inferno@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/locust turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/mining laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/mod blaster turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/moonbeam turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/nuke@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/overcharged pulse laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/plasma turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/point defense@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/proton turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/pug anti-missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/pug gridfire turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/pug zapper turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/pulse turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/pwavehp@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/quad blaster turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/quarg anti missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/quarg skylance@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/ravager turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/repeater turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/sheragiam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-30@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-31@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-32@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-33@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-34@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-35@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-36@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-37@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-38@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-39@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-40@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-41@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-42@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-43@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-44@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-45@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-46@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-47@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-48@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-49@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-50@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-51@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-52@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-53@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-54@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-55@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-56@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-57@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-58@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shooting star flare/ss-rays-59@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/shunt-strike@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/slicer turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/stagnation beam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/successor pulse laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/sunbeam turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/t3 anti missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/thrasher turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/tractor beam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/wanderer anti-missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/hardpoint/warder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/dragonflame@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/emp@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/finisher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/firelight@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/firestorm torpedo@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/flamethrower@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/gat turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/gat@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/hv spike@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/javelin turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/javelin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/korath heaver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/meteor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/minelayer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/nuke@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/piercer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/rail gun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/rocket@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/shard@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/sidewinder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/swarm@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/thunderhead@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/torpedo@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/tracker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/icon/typhoon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/aera@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/asteroid0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands10@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands11@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands12@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/badlands9-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach10-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach11-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach12-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach14@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach15@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach7-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach8-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/beach9-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/bwerner0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/bwerner1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/bwerner2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/bwerner3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/bwerner4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/bwerner5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/bwerner6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/bwerner7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/bwerner8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon01@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon02@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon03@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon04@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon05@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon10-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon11@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon12@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon14@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon15@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/canyon9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city10@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city11@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city12@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city13-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city14-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city15-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city16-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city17-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city18-iridium@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city19@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city20@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city21@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city22@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city23@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city24@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city25@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city26@2x.JPG
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city27@2x.JPG
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city28@2x.JPG
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/city9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds10@2x.JPG
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds9@2x.jpeg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds_00@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds_01@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds_02@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds_03@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds_04@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds_05@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds_06@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds_07@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/clouds_08@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert10-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert11@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert12@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert14@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert15@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert8-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/desert9-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dmottl0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dmottl1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dmottl2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dmottl3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dmottl4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dmottl5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dune0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dune1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dune2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dune3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dune4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dune5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/dune6-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/earthrise@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields10-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields11-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields12-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields13-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields14@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields15@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields16@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields17@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields18@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields19@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields20@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields21@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields22@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields23@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields24@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields25@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields26@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields27@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields28@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields29@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fields9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog10@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog11@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/fog9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest10@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest11@2x.JPG
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest12@2x.JPG
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/forest9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/garden1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/gliese@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/haze0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/haze1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/haze2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills10@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills11@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills5-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills6-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills7-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/hills8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/humo@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/igna@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/industrial0-iridium@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava10@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava11@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava12@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava7-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/lava9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/loc0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/loc1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/loc2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/loc3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mars0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mars1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mars2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mars3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mars4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mercury1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/methuselah@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mfield0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mfield1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mfield2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mfield3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mfield4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mfield5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/moon0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/moon1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain10-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain11-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain12-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain13-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain14-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain15-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain16-striker@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain17-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain18-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain19-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain20-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain21-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain22-spfld@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain23-spfld@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain24-spfld@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain25-spfld@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain26@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain27@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain28@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain29@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain30@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/mountain9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/myrabella0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/myrabella1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/myrabella2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/myrabella3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/myrabella4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/myrabella5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/myrabella6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/myrabella7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/myrabella8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa28@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/nasa9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/occupas@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/path1@2x.JPG
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/path2@2x.JPG
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/path3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/path4@2x.JPG
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/redias@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea10-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea11-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea12-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea13-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea14-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea15-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea16-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea17-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea18@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea19@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea20@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea21@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea22@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea23@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea24@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sea9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sivael9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky10@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky11@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky12@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/sky9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow10-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow10@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow11-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow12@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow14@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow15@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow16@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow17@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow18@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow19@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow20@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow21@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow22@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow23@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/snow9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/space0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/space1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/space2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/space3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/space4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/space5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/space6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/space7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station10@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station11@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station12@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station14@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station15@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station16@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station17@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station18@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station19@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station20@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station21@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station22@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station23@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station24@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station25@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station26@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station27@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station28@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station29@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station30@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station31@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station32@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station33@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station34@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station35@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station36@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station37@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station38@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station39@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station40@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station41@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station42@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station43@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station44@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station45@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station46@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station47@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station48@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station49@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station50@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/station9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/treser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/turra@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley10-sfiera@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley11-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley12-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley13-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley14-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley15-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/valley9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/vulpa@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water10-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water11-harro@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water12@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water13@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water14@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water15@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water16@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water17@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water18@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water19@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water1@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water20@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water21@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water22@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water23@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water24@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water25@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water3@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water4@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water6@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water8@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/land/water9@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/acuit@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/acumen@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/aeon cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/afterburner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ameliorate cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/android@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/anti-materiel gun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/anti-missile hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/anti-missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/asteroid scanner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/astuit@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/auxiliary license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ballistic cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ballistic turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/banisher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/battlezone battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/bimodal coilgun turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/bimodal coilgun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/blaster turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/blaster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/blaze-pike@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/blue screwdriver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/blue sun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/bombardment cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/bombardment turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/brawl cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/breeder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/brig@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/bright cloud@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/bullet storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/bullet@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/bunk room@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/burrower@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/buzzer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/caldera afterburner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/campaign core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/cargo expansion@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/cargo scanner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/catalytic ramscoop@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/chiisana rift steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/chiisana rift thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/choleric cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/choleric turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/city-ship license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/cloud piercer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/coalition license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/command center@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/control transceiver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/cooling ducts hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/cooling ducts@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/cooling module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/crusade battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/crystal capacitor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/crystal pendant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/dark reactor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/dark storm@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/decoy plating@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/detainer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/disruptor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/double plasma core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/drag cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/dragonflame@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/dual sunbeam turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/dwarf core hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/dwarf core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/electron beam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/electron turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/electroweak reactor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/embattery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ember tear@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/emergency ramscoop@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/emp rack@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/emp torpedo bay@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/emp torpedo@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/enforcer confrontation gear@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/enforcer riot staff@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/epoch cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/excavator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/expeller@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/finisher maegrolain@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/finisher pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/finisher storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/finisher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fire-lance@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/firelight bank@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/firelight rack@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/firelight@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/firestorm battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/firestorm torpedo rack@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/firestorm torpedo@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fission hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fission@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fissiondrive@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/flamethrower@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fragmentation grenades@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fuel cell hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fuel module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fuel pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fuel sail@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fusion cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fusion hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fusion@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/fusiondrive@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/gas class shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/gat turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/gat@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/grab-strike@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/guile pulse laser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai boulder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai geode@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai ionic blaster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai ionic turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai jammer overclocked@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai jammer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai pebble core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai rifle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai tracker pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai tracker storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai tracker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hai williwaw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested aluminum@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested copper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested gold@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested iron@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested lead@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested neodymium@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested platinum@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested silicon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested silver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested titanium@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested tungsten@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested uranium@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/harvested yottrite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/heavy anti-missile hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/heavy anti-missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/heavy laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/heavy laser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/heliarch attractor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/heliarch license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/heliarch repulsor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hion@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/horizon grappler@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge atomic steering hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge atomic steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge atomic thruster hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge atomic thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge battery hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge fuel cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge ion steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge ion thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge korath afterburner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge korath reverser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge korath steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge korath thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge plasma steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge plasma thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/huge shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hv spike rack@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hv spike@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hydra pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hydra@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/hyperdrive@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/inhibitor cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/inhibitor turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/interference plating@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ion cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ion hail turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ion rain gun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ion torch@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ionic afterburner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/irate cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/irate carronade@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/irate turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/javelin mini pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/javelin pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/javelin storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/javelin turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/javelin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/jump drive (broken)@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/jump drive@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het annihilator turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het annihilator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het compact engine@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het emp deployer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het grand restorer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het maeri engine@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het mhd deployer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het mhd generator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het nullifier@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het primary cooling@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het ravager beam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het ravager turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het reserve accumulator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het shield restorer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het support cooling@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het sustainer engine@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het telis engine@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ka'het vareti engine@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/keystone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath bow drive@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath digger turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath digger@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath fuel processor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath heaver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath inferno@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath mine storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath mine@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath minelayer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath piercer storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/korath rifle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large atomic steering hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large atomic steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large atomic thruster hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large atomic thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large battery hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large battery module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large betavoltaic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large biochemical@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large cogeneration module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large collector module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large efreti steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large efreti thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large fuel cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large heat shunt@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large ion steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large ion thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large korath afterburner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large korath generator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large korath reverser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large korath steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large korath thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large nanite fabricator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large plasma engines scin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large plasma steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large plasma thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large quarg steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large quarg thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large radar jammer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large radiant steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large radiant thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large reactor module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large regenerator hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large regenerator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large remnant steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large remnant thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large repair module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large reverse module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large shield module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large shield relay@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large steering module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large successor battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large successor reactor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large successor reverse@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large successor shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large successor steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large successor thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large systems core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large thrust module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large torch steering vi@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/large torch thruster vi@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/laser rifle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/laser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/lasher pistol@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/liquid class shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/liquid helium@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/liquid nitrogen@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/liquid sodium@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/locust blaster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/locust turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/luxury accommodations@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mandible cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/map@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mcs extractor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium atomic reverse hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium atomic steering hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium atomic steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium atomic thruster hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium atomic thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium battery hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium betavoltaic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium efreti steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium efreti thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium fuel cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium ion steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium ion thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium korath afterburner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium korath generator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium korath reverser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium korath steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium korath thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium plasma steering scin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium plasma steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium plasma thruster scin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium plasma thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium quarg steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium quarg thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium radiant steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium radiant thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium remnant steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium remnant thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium successor reactor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium successor reverse@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium successor shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium successor steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium successor thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium systems core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium torch steering vi@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/medium torch thruster vi@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/metallic hydrogen cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/meteor launcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/meteor pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/meteor storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/meteor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mh blue-class steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mh blue-class thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mh green-class steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mh green-class thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mh red-class steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mh red-class thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/microbot defense station@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/militia license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/millennium cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mining laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mining laser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mod blaster turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mod blaster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/moonbeam turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/moonbeam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mouthparts@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/mug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/nami rift steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/nami rift thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/nanite enhancer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/nanite limiter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/navy carrier license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/navy cruiser license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/navy license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/nerve gas@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/nuke@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ookii rift steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ookii rift thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/outfit expansion@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/outfit scanner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/outskirts gauger@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/overcharged betavoltaic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/overcharged pulse laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/overcharged pulse laser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/overcharged shield module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/overclocked repair module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/particle cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/piercer launcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/piercer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/plasma cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/plasma core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/plasma discharger@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/plasma grenades@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/plasma repeater@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/plasma turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/plasmasickle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/point defense@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/proton gun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/proton turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug akfar steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug akfar thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug anti-missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug biodefenses@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug cormet steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug cormet thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug gridfire turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug lohmar steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug lohmar thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug seeker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug staff@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug zapper turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pug zapper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pulse cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pulse turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/pwave turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/quad blaster turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/quarg anti missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/quarg antimatter core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/quarg countermeasures@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/quarg nanotech battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/quarg quantum shield generator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/quarg skylance@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/quark reactor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/railgun h2h@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/railgun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/railslug rack@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/railslug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/ramscoop@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/reactor limiter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/reactor overclocker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/reasoning node@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/red screwdriver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/red sun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/refueling module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/remnant afterburner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/remnant capital license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/remnant license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/remnant rifle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/repeater turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/repeater@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/research laboratory@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/reverse thruster ion@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/reverse thruster plasma@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/reverse thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/rock 0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/rock 1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/rock 2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/rock 3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/rock 4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/rocket launcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/rocket pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/rocket storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/rocket@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/salvage scanner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/savagery pike@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/scan module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/scram drive@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/scrambler turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/scrap cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/security station@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/shard@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sheragi ews@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sheragiam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sheragicooling@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/shield booster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/shield cortex interface@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/shield limiter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/shield refactor module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/shunt-strike@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sidewinder launcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sidewinder pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sidewinder storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sidewinder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sjeja kinetic lance@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/skadetear@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/skirmish battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/slicer turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/slicer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small atomic reverse hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small atomic steering hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small atomic steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small atomic thruster hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small atomic thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small battery hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small battery module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small betavoltaic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small biochemical@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small bunk room@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small cogeneration module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small collector module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small efreti steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small efreti thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small embattery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small fuel cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small heat shunt@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small ion steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small ion thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small korath afterburner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small korath generator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small korath reverser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small korath steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small korath thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small nanite fabricator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small nucleovoltaic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small photovoltaic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small plasma steering scin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small plasma steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small plasma thruster scin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small plasma thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small quarg steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small quarg thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small radar jammer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small radiant steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small radiant thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small radiothermal@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small reactor module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small recovery module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small regenerator hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small regenerator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small remnant steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small remnant thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small repair module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small reverse module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small sheragi cooling@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small shield module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small shield relay@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small steering module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small successor battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small successor reactor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small successor reverse@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small successor shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small successor steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small successor thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small systems core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small thermionic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small thrust module@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small torch steering vi@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/small torch thruster vi@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/solar battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/solar cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/stack core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/stagnation beam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/star tail cell storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/star tail cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/star tail launcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/subarashii rift steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/subarashii rift thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/successor armor heavy@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/successor armor keystone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/successor armor regen@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/successor armor resilient@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/successor cooling@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/successor engines tiny@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/successor license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/successor pulse laser turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/successor pulse laser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sunbeam turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/sunbeam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/supercapacitor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/surveillance pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/swarm missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/swarm pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/swarm storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/swatter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/t3 anti missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tactical scanner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/teciimach bay@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/teciimach pod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/thermoelectric cooler@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/thorax cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/thrasher cannon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/thrasher turret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/thunderhead launcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/thunderhead storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/thunderhead@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny atomic engines hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny atomic reverse hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny atomic steering hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny atomic steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny atomic thruster hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny atomic thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny battery hai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny efreti steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny efreti thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny fuel cell@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny ion engines@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny ion steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny ion thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny korath afterburner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny korath engine@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny korath reverser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny korath steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny korath thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny photovoltaic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny plasma engines scin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny plasma steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny plasma thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny radiant steering@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny radiant thruster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny remnant engine@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny successor shield@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tiny systems core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/torpedo launcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/torpedo storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/torpedo@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/torpedopod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tractor beam@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/triple plasma core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tripulse shredder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/tuur scanning suite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/twin blaster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/twin mod blaster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/typhoon launcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/typhoon storage@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/typhoon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/typhoonpod@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/unknown@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/value detector@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/veldt combat scanner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/void rifle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/void sprite parts@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/wanderer anti-missile@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/wanderer heat sink@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/wanderer license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/wanderer military license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/wanderer outfits license@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/wanderer ramscoop@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/warder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/warforge battery@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/warzone core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/water cooling@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/white sun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/outfit/yellow sun@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/alvorada@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/asteroid base@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/beryl/beryl-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/browndwarf-l-rogue@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/browndwarf-l@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/browndwarf-t-rogue@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/browndwarf-t@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/browndwarf-y-rogue@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/browndwarf-y@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/callisto-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/callisto@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud2-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud3-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud4-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud5-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud6-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud7-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud8-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/cloud8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert10-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert2-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert3-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert4-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert5-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert6-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert7-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert8-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert9-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/desert9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust2-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust3-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust4-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust5-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust6-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust7-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dust7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dyson1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dyson2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/dyson3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/earth-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/earth@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/europa-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/europa@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/fog0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/fog0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest2-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest3-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest4-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest5-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest6-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/forest6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ganymede-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ganymede@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas0-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas1-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas10-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas10-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas11-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas12-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas13-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas14-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas15-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas16-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas17-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas2-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas2-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas3-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas3-c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas3-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas4-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas4-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas5-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas5-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas6-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas6-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas7-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas7-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas8-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas8-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas9-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas9-hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gas9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/gliese@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice2-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice3-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice4-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice5-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice6-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice7-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice8-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ice8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/io-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/io@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/jupiter-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/jupiter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava2-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava3-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava4-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava5-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava6-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava7-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/lava7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/luna-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/luna@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/mars-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/mars@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/mendez@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/mercury-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/mercury@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/miranda-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/miranda@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/nebula1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/neptune-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/neptune@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/oberon-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/oberon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean2-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean3-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean4-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean5-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean6-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean7-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean8-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean9-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ocean9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/panels1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/panels2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/panels3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/panels4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/panels5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/pontes@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/redias@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rhea-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rhea@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ringworld broken debris small@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ringworld broken debris@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ringworld broken left@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ringworld broken right@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ringworld left@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ringworld right@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/ringworld@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock10-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock11-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock12-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock13-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock14-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock15-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock16-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock17-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock18-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock19-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock2-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock3-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock4-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock5-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock6-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock7-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock8-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock9-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/rock9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/saturn@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station hai eight geocoris dim@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station hai eight geocoris@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station hai geocoris@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station successor 1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station successor 2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station successor 3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station successor 4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station-bunrodea@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station1b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station1c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station1k@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station1kd@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station2b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station2c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station2k@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station2kd@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station3b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station3bd@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station3c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station3k@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station3kd@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station4b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station4bd@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station4c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station5c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station6c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station7c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station7cb@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/station9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/stationh-ancient0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/stationh-ancient1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/stationh-ancient2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/tethys-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/tethys@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/titan-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/titan@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/treser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/tschyss@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/uranus-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/uranus@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/venus-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/venus@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/vesvi@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/vulpa@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/water0-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/water0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/water1-b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/water1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wisp@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-30@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-31@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-32@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-33@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-34@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/wormhole-syndicate-ad-35@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/yniu eiu@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/yniu ena@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/zenith cold@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/planet/zenith hot@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/hai00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human100@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human101@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human102@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human103@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human104@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human105@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human106@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human107@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human108@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human109@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human110@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human111@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human112@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human113@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human114@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human115@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human116@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human117@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human118@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human119@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human120@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human121@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human122@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human123@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human124@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human125@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human126@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human127@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human128@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human30@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human31@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human32@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human33@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human34@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human35@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human36@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human37@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human38@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human39@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human40@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human41@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human42@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human43@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human44@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human45@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human46@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human47@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human48@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human49@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human50@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human51@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human52@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human53@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human54@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human55@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human56@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human57@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human58@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human59@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human60@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human61@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human62@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human63@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human64@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human65@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human66@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human67@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human68@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human69@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human70@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human71@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human72@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human73@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human74@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human75@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human76@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human77@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human78@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human79@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human80@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human81@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human82@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human83@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human84@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human85@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human86@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human87@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human88@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human89@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human90@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human91@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human92@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human93@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human94@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human95@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human96@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human97@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human98@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/human99@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/korath00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/quarg00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/portrait/wanderer00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x electron+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x electron+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x electron+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x heavy laser+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x heavy laser+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x laser+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x laser+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x tinyflare+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x tinyflare+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/2x tinyflare+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/annihilator+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/annihilator+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/annihilator+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ballistic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/banisher^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/banisher^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/banisher^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bimodal switch+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bimodal switch+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bimodal switch+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bimodal switch+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bimodal+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bimodal+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bimodal+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bimodal+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/blaster+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bombardment^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bombardment^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bombardment^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bombardment^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bombardment^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bombardment^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bombardment^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bombardment^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bombardment^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bullet-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/bullet-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/choleric@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/digger thin+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/digger thin+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/digger thin+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/digger thin+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/digger+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/digger+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/digger+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/digger+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/disruptor+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/disruptor+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/disruptor+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/disruptor+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/disruptor+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/disruptor+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/drag cannon+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/drag cannon+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/drag cannon+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/drag cannon+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/drak bolt+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/drak bolt+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/drak bolt+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/drak bolt+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/drak bolt+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/electron+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/electron+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/electron+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ember tear/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ember tear/ember tear^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ember tear/ember tear^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ember tear/ember tear^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ember tear/ember tear^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/emp torpedo-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/emp torpedo-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/emp torpedo-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/emp torpedo-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/expeller^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/expeller^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/expeller^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/finisher activating-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/finisher activating-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/finisher-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/finisher-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/finisher-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/finisher-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/fire-lance+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/fire-lance+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/fire-lance+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/fire-lance+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/fire-lance+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/firelight active^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/firelight active^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/firelight active^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/firelight@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/firestorm torpedo^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/firestorm torpedo^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/firestorm torpedo^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/firestorm torpedo^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/fusion gun bolt@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/grab-strike^10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/guile pulse laser^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/guile pulse laser^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver hyperspace^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver hyperspace^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver hyperspace^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver hyperspace^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver hyperspace^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver hyperspace^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver shard^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver shard^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver shard^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver shard^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver shard^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heaver shard^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heavy laser+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/heavy laser+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/hion+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/hionfrag+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/hionfrag+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/hionfrag+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/inhibitor+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/inhibitor+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/inhibitor+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/inhibitor+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/inhibitor+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ion bolt^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ion bolt^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ion bolt^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ion bolt^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic blast^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic blast^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic blast^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic turret+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic turret+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic turret+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic turret+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic turret+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic turret+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ionic turret+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/irate@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/javelin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/korath inferno+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/korath inferno+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/korath inferno+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/korath inferno+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/korath inferno+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/korath mine-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/korath mine-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/korath minelayer-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/korath minelayer-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/laser+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/laser+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/lightning+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/lightning+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/lightning+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/lightning+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/lightning+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/lightning+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/lightning+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/locust blaster@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/mandible cannon^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/mandible cannon^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/mandible cannon^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/mandible cannon^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/mandible cannon^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/meteor-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/meteor-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/mining laser+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/mining laser+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/missile-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/missile-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/mod blaster+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/particle beam+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/piercer-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/piercer-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/piercer-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/plasma discharge+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/pulse^@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/pwavecannon+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/rail slug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ravager beam+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/ravager beam+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/repeater+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/repeater+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/repeater+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/repeater+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/rocket-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/rocket-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/seeker^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/seeker^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/seeker^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/seeker^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/seeker^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/seeker^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/seeker^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/seeker^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shardactive-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shardactive-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shardactive-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shardactive-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shardinactive@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shunt-strike-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shunt-strike-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shunt-strike-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shunt-strike-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shunt-strike-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/shunt-strike-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sidewinder-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sidewinder-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sjeja kinetic lance+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/slicer+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/slicer+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/stagnation beam+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/stagnation beam+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/stagnation beam+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/stagnation beam+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/stagnation beam+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/stagnation beam+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail upload+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail upload+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail upload+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail upload+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail upload+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail upload+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail upload+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail upload+7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail upload+8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/star tail+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/strange ray+9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/successor pulse laser+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/successor pulse laser+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/successor pulse laser+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/successor pulse laser+3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/2x sunbeam+29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/sunbeam/sunbeam+29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thrasher^9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thunderhead fragment-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thunderhead fragment-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thunderhead-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/thunderhead-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/tinyflare+0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/tinyflare+1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/tinyflare+2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/torpedo^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/torpedo^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/torpedo^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/torpedo^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/tracker-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/tracker-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/tracker-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/tracker-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/typhoon^0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/typhoon^1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/typhoon^2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/projectile/typhoon^3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/army0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/asteroid scene@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/councilofahr1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/councilofahr2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/emeraldswordderelict@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/engine2@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/engine@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/eso0@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/geoscan@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/incipias message@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/lobby@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/loc5@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/loc7@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/penguinscene@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/plasma scene@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/remnant remote spaceport@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/remnant station@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/ringworld debris@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/rulei@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/sagittarius a@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/ssil vida alert hologram@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/station4b firing@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/scene/tempest@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/-nra-ret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/aaulqra@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/aerie@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/albatross@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/arach courier@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/arach freighter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/arach hulk@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/arach spindle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/arach transport@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ararebo@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/arch-carrack@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/archon b-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/archon b-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/archon c-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/archon c-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/archon-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/archon-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/argosy@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/arrow@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-30@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-31@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-32@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-33@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-34@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-35@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-36@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-37@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-38@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-39@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-40@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-41@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-42@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-43@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-44@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-45@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-46@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-47@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-48@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-49@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-50@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-51@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-52@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-53@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-54@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-55@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-56@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-57@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-58@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/astral cetacean/astral-59@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/autumn leaf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/auxiliaryc@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/auxiliaryh@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/auxiliaryt@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ayym/ayym-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/bactrian@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/barb@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/barbp@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/bastion@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/battleship@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/behemoth@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/berserker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/blackbird@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/blackdiamond@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/bounder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/boxwing@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/bulk freighter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/carrier@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/charm-shallop@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/chaser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/chigiriki@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/cirrus@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/clipper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/combat drone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/container transport@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/cool breeze@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/corvette@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/cruiser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/dagger@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/deep river 0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/deep river 1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/deep river 2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/deep river 3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/deep river 4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/deep river@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/derecho@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/dreadnought@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/dredger@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/dropship@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/earth shaper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/echo-galleon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ejniisde@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ember waste node/ember waste node-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embershade/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embershade/embershade-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embershade/embershade-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embershade/embershade-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embershade/embershade-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embershade/embershade-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-30@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-31@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-32@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-33@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-34@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-35@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-36@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-37@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-38@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-39@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-40@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-41@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-42@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-43@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-44@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-45@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-46@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-47@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-48@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-49@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-50@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-51@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-52@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-53@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-54@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-55@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-56@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-57@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-58@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/embersylph/embersylph-59@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/emeraldsword@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/enforcer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/faes'mar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/falcon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/far lek 14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/far osk 27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/fetri'sei@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/finch@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/firebird@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/flivver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/flycatcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/freighter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/frigate@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/fury@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gascraft@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno augen@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno coesite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno conglomerate@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno corundum@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno diorite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno dolomite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno dunite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno eclogite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno epidote@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno feldspar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno felsic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno gneiss@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno granofel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno granulite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno gypsum@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno halite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno hornfel a@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno hornfel b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno hornfel c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno hornfel d@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno kyanite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno mica@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno protolith@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno rhyolite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno schist a@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno schist b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno schist c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno shale@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno slate@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gegno tridymite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/geodesic geocoris@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gero@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gull@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/gunboat@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai aphid@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai centipede@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai cicada@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai emperor beetle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai flea@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai geocoris@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai grasshopper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai ladybug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai lightning bug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai pond strider@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai scarab@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai sea scorpion@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai shield beetle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai solifuge@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai violin spider@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hai water bug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hailstone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hauler i@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hauler ii@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hauler iii@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hawk@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/headhunter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heavy gust@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heavy shuttle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heliarch breacher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heliarch hunter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heliarch interdictor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heliarch judicator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heliarch neutralizer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heliarch punisher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heliarch pursuer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heliarch rover@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heliarch stalker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/heron@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hogshead@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/hurricane@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ibis@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ikatila-ej@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/jje/jje-9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kaiken@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kama@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kar ik vot 349@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kas-ik tek 7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kaskhorade@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kestrel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kestrelc@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kestrele@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kestreloriginal@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kestrels@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kestrelw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kimek briar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kimek spire@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kimek thistle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kimek thorn@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/korsmanath a-awoj@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kunai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kvelqde-khora@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/kvelqde@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/lampyrid@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/lance@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/leviathan@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/localworldship@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/maeri'het@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/manta@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/marrowe@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/marrows@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/marroww@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mbactriane@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mboundere@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mbounders@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mbounderw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/merganser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/met par tek 53@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mfalcone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mfalcons@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mfalconw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mfirebirde@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mfirebirds@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mfirebirdw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mfury@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mining drone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mleviathane@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mleviathans@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mleviathanw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mmantae@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mmantas@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mmantaw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/model 128@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/model 16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/model 256@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/model 32@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/model 512@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/model 64@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/model 8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/modified argosy@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/modified boxwing@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/modified dromedary ghost@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/modified dromedary specter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/modified dromedary wreck@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/modified dromedary@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/modified ladybug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mosprey@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mquicksilvere@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mquicksilvers@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mquicksilverw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mravene@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mravens@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mravenw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/msplintere@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/msplinters@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/msplinterw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/mule@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/myaede@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/nest@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/nimbus@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/nnaatej@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/nnesaarau@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/ojde@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/osprey@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pelican@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/penguin/penguin-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/peregrine/peregrine-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/petrel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pirate bulwark@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pirate cutthroat@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pirate mammoth@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pirate nighthawk@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pirate scrapper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pirate valkyrie@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pointedstick vanguard@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/protector@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/puffin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pug arfecta@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pug enfolta@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pug maboro@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/pug zibruka@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/quicksilver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/rai-alorej@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/raider@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/rainmaker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/raven@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/riptide@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/roost@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/saber@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/saryd runabout@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/saryd sojourner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/saryd traveler@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/saryd visitor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/sasumata@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/science drone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/scout@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/seiitej@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/selii'mar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-30@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-31@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-32@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-33@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-34@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-35@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-36@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-37@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-38@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-39@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-40@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-41@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-42@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-43@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-44@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-45@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-46@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-47@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-48@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-49@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-50@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-51@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-52@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-53@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-54@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-55@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-56@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-57@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-58@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shooting star/shooting star-59@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shuttle=0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shuttle=1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/shuttle=2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/silent harvester@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/skein@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/skylark@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/smew@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/sparrow@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/splinter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/squall@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/star barge@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/star queen@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/starling@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/stolsaqra@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/stratus@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/strong wind@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/subsidurial@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/summer leaf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/sunder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/surveillance drone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/swan/swan-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/tanto@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/tek far 109@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/tek far 71 lek@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/tek far 78 osk@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/tekkan@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/telis'het@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/tempest@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/tern@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/tubfalet@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vanguard@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vareti'het@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/venta@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/veusade@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite adult-29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/void sprite/void sprite infant-29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vujlet@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/boomerang-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/plankton-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-00@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-01@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-02@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-03@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-04@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-05@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-06@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-07@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-08@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-09@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-10@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-11@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-12@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-13@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-15@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-17@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-18@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-19@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-20@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-21@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-22@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-23@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-24@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-25@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-26@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-28@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-29@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyrmeid/squid-30@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-1@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-2@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-4@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-6@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/vyuir/vyuir-9@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/wardragon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/wasp@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/waverider@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/winter gale@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/world-ship a@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/world-ship b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/world-ship c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/world-ship d@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/world-ship e@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ship/world-ship f@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/a-dwarf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/a-eater@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/a-giant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/a-supergiant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/a0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/a3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/a5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/a8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/b-dwarf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/b-giant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/b-supergiant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/b0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/b3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/b5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/b8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/black-hole+@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/black-hole-core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/carbon+@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/carbon-core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/coal-black-hole@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/f-dwarf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/f-giant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/f-supergiant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/f0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/f3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/f5-old@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/f5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/f8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/g-dwarf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/g-giant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/g-supergiant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/g0-old@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/g0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/g3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/g5-old@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/g5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/g8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/k-dwarf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/k-giant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/k-supergiant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/k0-old@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/k0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/k3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/k5-old@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/k5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/k8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/l-dwarf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/m-dwarf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/m-giant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/m-supergiant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/m0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/m3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/m5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/m8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/neutron+@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/neutron-core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/neutron-small+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/neutron-small-core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/nova+@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/nova-core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/nova-old+@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/nova-old-core@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/nova-small@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/o-dwarf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/o-giant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/o-supergiant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/o0@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/o3@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/o5@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/o8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/proto-planetary-disk+@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/void-scar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/star/wr+@2x.jpg
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/-nra-ret@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/aaulqra@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/aerie@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/albatross@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/arach courier@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/arach freighter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/arach hulk@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/arach spindle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/arach transport@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/ararebo@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/arch-carrack@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/archon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/argosy@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/arrow@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/autumn leaf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/auxiliaryc@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/auxiliaryh@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/auxiliaryt@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/bactrian@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/barb@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/barbp@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/bastion@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/battleship@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/behemoth@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/berserker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/blackbird@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/blackdiamond@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/bounder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/boxwing@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/bulk freighter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/carrier@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/charm-shallop@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/chaser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/chigiriki@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/cirrus@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/clipper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/combat drone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/container transport@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/cool breeze@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/corvette@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/cruiser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/dagger@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/deep river@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/derecho@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/dreadnought@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/dredger@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/dropship@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/earth shaper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/echo-galleon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/ejniisde@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/ember waste node@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/emeraldsword@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/enforcer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/faes'mar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/falcon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/far lek 14@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/far osk 27@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/fetri'sei@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/finch@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/firebird@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/flivver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/flycatcher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/freighter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/frigate@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/fury@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gascraft@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno augen@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno coesite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno conglomerate@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno corundum@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno diorite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno dolomite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno dunite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno eclogite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno epidote@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno feldspar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno felsic@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno gneiss@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno granofel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno granulite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno gypsum@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno halite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno hornfel a@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno hornfel b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno hornfel c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno hornfel d@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno kyanite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno mica@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno protolith@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno rhyolite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno schist a@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno schist b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno schist c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno shale@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno slate@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gegno tridymite@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/geodesic geocoris@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gero@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gull@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/gunboat@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai aphid@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai centipede@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai cicada@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai emperor beetle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai flea@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai geocoris@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai grasshopper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai ladybug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai lightning bug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai pond strider@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai scarab@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai sea scorpion@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai shield beetle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai solifuge@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai violin spider@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hai water bug@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hailstone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hauler i@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hauler ii@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hauler iii@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hawk@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/headhunter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heavy gust@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heavy shuttle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heliarch breacher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heliarch hunter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heliarch interdictor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heliarch judicator@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heliarch neutralizer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heliarch punisher@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heliarch pursuer@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heliarch rover@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/heliarch stalker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hogshead@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/hurricane@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/ibis@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/ikatila-ej@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kaiken@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kama@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kar ik vot 349@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kas-ik tek 7@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kaskhorade@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kestrel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kestrelc@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kestrele@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kestreloriginal@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kestrels@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kestrelw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kimek briar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kimek spire@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kimek thistle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kimek thorn@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/korsmanath a-awoj@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kunai@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kvelqde-khora@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/kvelqde@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/lampyrid@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/lance@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/leviathan@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/maeri'het@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/manta@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/marrowe@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/marrows@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/marroww@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mboundere@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mbounders@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mbounderw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/merganser@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/met par tek 53@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mfalcone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mfalcons@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mfalconw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mfirebirde@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mfirebirds@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mfirebirdw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mfury@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mining drone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mleviathane@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mleviathans@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mleviathanw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mmantae@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mmantas@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mmantaw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/model 128@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/model 16@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/model 256@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/model 32@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/model 512@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/model 64@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/model 8@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/modified argosy@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/modified boxwing@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/modified dromedary wreck@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/modified dromedary@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mquicksilvere@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mquicksilvers@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mquicksilverw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mravene@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mravens@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mravenw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/msplintere@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/msplinters@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/msplinterw@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/mule@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/myaede@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/nest@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/nimbus@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/nnaatej@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/nnesaarau@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/ojde@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/osprey@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pelican@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/penguin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/peregrine@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/petrel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pirate bulwark@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pirate cutthroat@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pirate mammoth@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pirate nighthawk@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pirate scrapper@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pirate valkyrie@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/protector@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/puffin@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pug arfecta@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pug enfolta@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pug maboro@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/pug zibruka@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/quicksilver@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/rai-alorej@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/raider@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/rainmaker@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/raven@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/riptide@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/roost@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/saber@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/saryd runabout@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/saryd sojourner@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/saryd traveler@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/saryd visitor@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/sasumata@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/scout@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/seiitej@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/selii'mar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/shuttle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/skein@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/skylark@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/smew@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/sparrow@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/splinter@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/squall@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/star barge@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/star queen@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/starling@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/stolsaqra@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/stratus@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/strong wind@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/subsidurial@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/summer leaf@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/sunder@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/surveillance drone@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/swan@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/tanto@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/tek far 109@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/tek far 71 lek@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/tek far 78 osk@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/tekkan@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/telis'het@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/tempest@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/tern@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/tubfalet@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/vanguard@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/vareti'het@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/venta@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/veusade@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/void sprite adult@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/void sprite infant@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/vujlet@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/vyuir@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/wardragon@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/wasp@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/winter gale@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/world-ship a@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/world-ship b@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/world-ship c@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/world-ship d@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/world-ship e@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/thumbnail/world-ship f@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/ammo selected@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/ammo unselected@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/boarding dialog@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/bottom edge@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/bottom edges@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/checked+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/collapsed@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/description panel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/dialog bottom wide@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/dialog bottom@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/dialog cancel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/dialog middle wide@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/dialog middle@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/dialog top wide@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/dialog top@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/error@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/expanded@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/faction left@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/faction right@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/fast forward@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/find selected@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/find unselected@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/five info buttons@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/hail panel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/icon selected@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/icon unselected@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/info panel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/keys panel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/left edge@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/map system@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/map trade@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/mission empty@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/mission key@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/mission@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/navigation@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/news@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/orbits and key@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/outfitter key@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/outfitter selected+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/outfitter unselected+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/planet dialog button@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/planet dialog@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/player tab@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/plugins panel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/radar@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/range@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/red alert grayed@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/red alert@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/right edge@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/sales key@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/selected system@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/settings panel@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/ship tab@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/shipyard selected+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/shipyard unselected+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/sort abc@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/sort ascending@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/sort convenient@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/sort descending@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/sort pay@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/sort speed@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/status@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/tactical@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/target@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/three info buttons@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/thumb box@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/thumb boxes@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/unchecked+@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/warning@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/wide button@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/images/ui/zoom@2x.png
usr/share/games/endless-sky/plugins/endless-sky-high-dpi/plugin.txt
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/endless-sky-high-dpi/
usr/share/licenses/endless-sky-high-dpi/copyright
