%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/arduino/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/README.md
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/boards.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega/ATmegaBOOT_168.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega/ATmegaBOOT_168_atmega1280.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega/ATmegaBOOT_168_atmega328.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega/ATmegaBOOT_168_atmega328_pro_8MHz.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega/ATmegaBOOT_168_diecimila.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega/ATmegaBOOT_168_ng.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega/ATmegaBOOT_168_pro_8MHz.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega/Makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega8/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega8/ATmegaBOOT-prod-firmware-2009-11-07.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega8/ATmegaBOOT.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega8/ATmegaBOOT.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega8/ATmegaBOOT.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/atmega8/Makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/bt/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/bt/ATmegaBOOT_168.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/bt/ATmegaBOOT_168.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/bt/ATmegaBOOT_168_atmega328_bt.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/bt/Makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/Caterina-Robot-Control.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/Caterina-Robot-Motor.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/Caterina-Robot.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/Caterina.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/Caterina.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/Descriptors.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/Descriptors.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/Makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-Arduino_Robot/README.md
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-LilyPadUSB/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-LilyPadUSB/Caterina-LilyPadUSB.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-LilyPadUSB/Caterina.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-LilyPadUSB/Caterina.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-LilyPadUSB/Descriptors.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-LilyPadUSB/Descriptors.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-LilyPadUSB/Makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina-LilyPadUSB/Readme.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Circuitplay32u4.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Esplora.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Esplora.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Industrial101.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Leonardo.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Leonardo.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-LeonardoEthernet.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-LininoOne.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Micro.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Micro.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Yun-noblink.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-Yun.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina-YunMini.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Caterina.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Descriptors.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Descriptors.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Esplora-prod-firmware-2012-12-10.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Esplora-prod-firmware-2012-12-10.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Leonardo-prod-firmware-2012-04-26.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Leonardo-prod-firmware-2012-04-26.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Leonardo-prod-firmware-2012-12-10.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Leonardo-prod-firmware-2012-12-10.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Micro-prod-firmware-2012-11-23.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Micro-prod-firmware-2012-11-23.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Micro-prod-firmware-2012-12-10.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/caterina/Micro-prod-firmware-2012-12-10.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/gemma/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/gemma/README.md
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/gemma/avrdude.conf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/gemma/gemma_v1.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/gemma/usbconfig.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/gemma/usbconfig.patch
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/lilypad/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/lilypad/LilyPadBOOT_168.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/lilypad/src/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/lilypad/src/ATmegaBOOT.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/lilypad/src/Makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/Makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/README.TXT
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/boot.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/makeall
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/omake
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/omake.bat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/optiboot.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/optiboot_atmega168.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/optiboot_atmega168.lst
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/optiboot_atmega328-Mini.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/optiboot_atmega328.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/optiboot_atmega328.lst
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/optiboot_atmega8.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/optiboot_atmega8.lst
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/pin_defs.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/optiboot/stk500.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/License.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/Makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/Mega2560-prod-firmware-2011-06-29.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/STK500V2.pnproj
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/STK500V2.pnps
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/avr_cpunames.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/avrinterruptnames.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/command.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/stk500boot.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/stk500boot.ppg
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/bootloaders/stk500v2/stk500boot_v2_mega2560.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/CDC.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Client.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/HardwareSerial.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/HardwareSerial.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/HardwareSerial0.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/HardwareSerial1.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/HardwareSerial2.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/HardwareSerial3.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/HardwareSerial_private.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/IPAddress.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/IPAddress.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/PluggableUSB.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/PluggableUSB.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Print.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Print.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Printable.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Server.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Stream.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Stream.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Tone.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/USBAPI.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/USBCore.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/USBCore.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/USBDesc.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Udp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/WCharacter.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/WInterrupts.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/WMath.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/WString.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/WString.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/abi.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/binary.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/hooks.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/main.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/new
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/new.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/new.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/wiring.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/wiring_analog.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/wiring_digital.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/wiring_private.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/wiring_pulse.S
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/wiring_pulse.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/cores/arduino/wiring_shift.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/AdafruitCircuitPlayground.cat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/AdafruitCircuitPlayground.inf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/Static/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/Static/amd64/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/Static/amd64/ftd2xx.lib
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/Static/i386/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/Static/i386/ftd2xx.lib
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/amd64/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/amd64/ftbusui.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/amd64/ftcserco.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/amd64/ftd2xx.lib
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/amd64/ftd2xx64.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/amd64/ftdibus.sys
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/amd64/ftlang.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/amd64/ftser2k.sys
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/amd64/ftserui2.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/ftd2xx.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/ftdibus.cat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/ftdibus.inf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/ftdiport.cat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/ftdiport.inf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/i386/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/i386/ftbusui.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/i386/ftcserco.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/i386/ftd2xx.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/i386/ftd2xx.lib
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/i386/ftdibus.sys
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/i386/ftlang.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/i386/ftser2k.sys
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/FTDI USB Drivers/i386/ftserui2.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/arduino-org.cat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/arduino-org.inf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/arduino.cat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/arduino.inf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/dpinst-amd64.exe
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/dpinst-x86.exe
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/amd64/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/amd64/libusb0.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/amd64/libusb0.sys
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/arduino_gemma.cat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/arduino_gemma.inf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/ia64/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/ia64/libusb0.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/ia64/libusb0.sys
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/license/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/license/libusb0/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/license/libusb0/installer_license.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/x86/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/x86/libusb0.sys
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/gemma/x86/libusb0_x86.dll
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/genuino.cat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/genuino.inf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/linino-boards_amd64.cat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/linino-boards_x86.cat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/drivers/linino.inf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/extras/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/extras/pack.hourlybuild.bash
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/extras/pack.pullrequest.bash
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/extras/pack.release.bash
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/extras/package_index.json.Hourly.template
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/extras/package_index.json.PR.template
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/arduinoISP/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/arduinoISP/readme.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/Arduino-COMBINED-dfu-usbserial-atmega16u2-Mega2560-Rev3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/Arduino-COMBINED-dfu-usbserial-atmega16u2-MegaADK-Rev3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/Arduino-COMBINED-dfu-usbserial-atmega16u2-Uno-Rev3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/Genuino-COMBINED-dfu-usbserial-atmega16u2-Mega2560-R3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/Genuino-COMBINED-dfu-usbserial-atmega16u2-Uno-R3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/MEGA-dfu_and_usbserial_combined.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/README.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/UNO-dfu_and_usbserial_combined.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbdfu/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbdfu/Arduino-usbdfu.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbdfu/Arduino-usbdfu.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbdfu/Board/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbdfu/Board/LEDs.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbdfu/Descriptors.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbdfu/Descriptors.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbdfu/makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbdfu/readme.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Arduino-usbserial-atmega16u2-Mega2560-Rev3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Arduino-usbserial-atmega16u2-MegaADK-Rev3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Arduino-usbserial-atmega16u2-Uno-Rev3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Arduino-usbserial-mega.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Arduino-usbserial-uno.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Arduino-usbserial.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Arduino-usbserial.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Board/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Board/LEDs.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Descriptors.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Descriptors.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Genuino-usbserial-atmega16u2-Mega2560-R3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Genuino-usbserial-atmega16u2-Uno-R3.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Lib/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/Lib/LightweightRingBuff.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/makefile
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/atmegaxxu2/arduino-usbserial/readme.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/binary/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/binary/wifiHD.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/binary/wifi_dnld.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/scripts/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/scripts/ArduinoWifiShield_upgrade.sh
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/scripts/ArduinoWifiShield_upgrade_mac.sh
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/.cproject
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/.project
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/Release/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/Release/wifiHD.hex
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/CONFIG/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/CONFIG/conf_access.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/CONFIG/conf_at45dbx.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/CONFIG/conf_ebi.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/CONFIG/conf_sd_mmc_spi.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/ASM/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/ASM/trampoline.x
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/ARDUINO/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/ARDUINO/arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/ARDUINO/led.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/ARDUINO/led.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/EVK1105/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/EVK1105/evk1105.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/EVK1105/led.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/EVK1105/led.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/board.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/board.h.my
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/at45dbx.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/at45dbx.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/at45dbx_mem.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/at45dbx_mem.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/HD/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/HD/v2.7.0/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/HD/v2.7.0/revision.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/HD/wl_api.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/HD/wl_fw.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/HD/wl_os.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/HD/wl_sdio.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/HD/wl_spi.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/WIFI/HD/wlap_api.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/CPU/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/CPU/CYCLE_COUNTER/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/CPU/CYCLE_COUNTER/cycle_counter.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/EBI/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/EBI/SMC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/EBI/SMC/smc.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/EBI/SMC/smc.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/EIC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/EIC/eic.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/EIC/eic.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/FLASHC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/FLASHC/flashc.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/FLASHC/flashc.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/GPIO/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/GPIO/gpio.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/GPIO/gpio.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/INTC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/INTC/exception.x
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/INTC/intc.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/INTC/intc.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PDCA/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PDCA/pdca.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PDCA/pdca.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/pm.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/pm.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/pm_conf_clocks.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/power_clocks_lib.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/power_clocks_lib.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/RTC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/RTC/rtc.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/RTC/rtc.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/SPI/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/SPI/spi.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/SPI/spi.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/TC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/TC/tc.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/TC/tc.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/USART/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/USART/usart.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/USART/usart.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/DELAY/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/DELAY/delay.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/DELAY/delay.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/dhcp.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/dns.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/init.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/ipv4/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/ipv4/autoip.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/ipv4/icmp.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/ipv4/igmp.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/ipv4/inet.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/ipv4/inet_chksum.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/ipv4/ip.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/ipv4/ip_addr.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/ipv4/ip_frag.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/mem.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/memp.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/netif.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/pbuf.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/raw.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/stats.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/tcp.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/tcp_in.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/tcp_out.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/core/udp.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/lwip/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/lwip/autoip.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/lwip/icmp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/lwip/igmp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/lwip/inet.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/lwip/inet_chksum.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/lwip/ip.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/lwip/ip_addr.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/ipv4/lwip/ip_frag.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/api.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/api_msg.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/arch.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/debug.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/def.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/dhcp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/dns.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/err.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/init.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/mem.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/memp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/memp_std.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/netbuf.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/netdb.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/netif.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/netifapi.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/opt.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/pbuf.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/raw.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/sio.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/snmp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/snmp_asn1.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/snmp_msg.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/snmp_structs.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/sockets.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/stats.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/sys.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/tcp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/tcpip.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/lwip/udp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/netif/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/netif/etharp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/netif/loopif.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/netif/ppp_oe.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/include/netif/slipif.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/netif/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/netif/etharp.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-1.3.2/src/netif/loopif.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/include/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/include/arch/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/include/arch/cc.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/include/arch/perf.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/include/lwipopts.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/include/netif/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/include/netif/wlif.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/netif/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/if/netif/wlif.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/LWIP/lwip-port-1.3.2/HD/readme.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/MEMORY/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/MEMORY/CTRL_ACCESS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/MEMORY/CTRL_ACCESS/ctrl_access.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/MEMORY/CTRL_ACCESS/ctrl_access.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/debug.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/debug.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/print_funcs.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/print_funcs.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_cpu.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_exceptions.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_interrupts.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_io.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_usart.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/0512/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/0512/GCC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/0512/GCC/link_uc3a0512.lds
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/1256/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/1256/GCC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/1256/GCC/link_uc3a1256.lds
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/mrepeat.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/preprocessor.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/stringz.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/tpaste.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/STARTUP_FILES/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/STARTUP_FILES/GCC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/STARTUP_FILES/GCC/crt0.x
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/compiler.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/conf_isp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/parts.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/ard_spi.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/ard_spi.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/ard_tcp.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/ard_tcp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/ard_utils.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/ard_utils.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/avr32_spi.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/board_init.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/board_init.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/cmd_wl.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/cmd_wl.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/console.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/console.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/debug.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/fw_download.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/fw_download_extflash.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/license.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/lwip_setup.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/lwip_setup.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/lwipopts.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/main.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/nvram.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/nvram.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/owl_os.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/ping.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/ping.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/printf-stdarg.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/printf-stdarg.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/timer.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/timer.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/top_defs.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/trace.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/util.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/util.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/wifi_spi.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/wl_cm.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/wl_cm.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/src/wl_definitions.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifiHD/wifiHD.cproj
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/.cproject
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/.project
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/CONFIG/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/CONFIG/conf_access.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/CONFIG/conf_at45dbx.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/Doc/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/Doc/SPB104 product brief.pdf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/Doc/gettingstarted.pdf
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/ASM/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/ASM/trampoline.x
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/ARDUINO/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/ARDUINO/arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/ARDUINO/led.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/ARDUINO/led.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/EVK1105/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/EVK1105/evk1105.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/EVK1105/led.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/EVK1105/led.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/board.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/BOARDS/board.h.ori
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/at45dbx.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/at45dbx.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/at45dbx_mem.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/COMPONENTS/MEMORY/DATA_FLASH/AT45DBX/at45dbx_mem.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/FLASHC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/FLASHC/flashc.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/FLASHC/flashc.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/GPIO/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/GPIO/gpio.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/GPIO/gpio.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/INTC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/INTC/exception.x
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/INTC/intc.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/INTC/intc.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/pm.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/pm.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/pm_conf_clocks.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/power_clocks_lib.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/PM/power_clocks_lib.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/SPI/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/SPI/spi.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/SPI/spi.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/USART/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/USART/usart.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/DRIVERS/USART/usart.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/MEMORY/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/MEMORY/CTRL_ACCESS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/MEMORY/CTRL_ACCESS/ctrl_access.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/SERVICES/MEMORY/CTRL_ACCESS/ctrl_access.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/debug.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/debug.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/print_funcs.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/DEBUG/print_funcs.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_cpu.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_exceptions.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_interrupts.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_io.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LIBS/NEWLIB_ADDONS/INCLUDE/nlao_usart.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/0512/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/0512/GCC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/0512/GCC/link_uc3a0512.lds
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/1256/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/1256/GCC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/LINKER_SCRIPTS/AT32UC3A/1256/GCC/link_uc3a1256.lds
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/mrepeat.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/preprocessor.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/stringz.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/PREPROCESSOR/tpaste.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/STARTUP_FILES/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/STARTUP_FILES/GCC/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/STARTUP_FILES/GCC/crt0.x
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/compiler.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/conf_isp.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK/UTILS/parts.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/clocks.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/clocks.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/flash_fw.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/license.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/nor_flash.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/nor_flash.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/printf-stdarg.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/printf-stdarg.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/startup.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/startup.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/src/wl_fw.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifi_dnld/wifi_dnld.cproj
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/firmwares/wifishield/wifishield.atsln
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/README.md
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_clear/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_clear/eeprom_clear.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_crc/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_crc/eeprom_crc.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_get/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_get/eeprom_get.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_iteration/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_iteration/eeprom_iteration.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_put/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_put/eeprom_put.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_read/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_read/eeprom_read.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_update/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_update/eeprom_update.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_write/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/examples/eeprom_write/eeprom_write.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/keywords.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/library.properties
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/src/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/EEPROM/src/EEPROM.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/HID/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/HID/keywords.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/HID/library.properties
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/HID/src/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/HID/src/HID.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/HID/src/HID.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/examples/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/examples/BarometricPressureSensor/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/examples/BarometricPressureSensor/BarometricPressureSensor.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/examples/DigitalPotControl/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/examples/DigitalPotControl/DigitalPotControl.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/keywords.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/library.properties
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/src/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/src/SPI.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SPI/src/SPI.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/examples/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/examples/SoftwareSerialExample/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/examples/SoftwareSerialExample/SoftwareSerialExample.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/examples/TwoPortReceive/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/examples/TwoPortReceive/TwoPortReceive.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/keywords.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/library.properties
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/src/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/src/SoftwareSerial.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/SoftwareSerial/src/SoftwareSerial.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/SFRRanger_reader/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/SFRRanger_reader/SFRRanger_reader.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/digital_potentiometer/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/digital_potentiometer/digital_potentiometer.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/i2c_scanner/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/i2c_scanner/i2c_scanner.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/master_reader/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/master_reader/master_reader.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/master_writer/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/master_writer/master_writer.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/slave_receiver/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/slave_receiver/slave_receiver.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/slave_sender/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/examples/slave_sender/slave_sender.ino
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/keywords.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/library.properties
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/src/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/src/Wire.cpp
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/src/Wire.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/src/utility/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/src/utility/twi.c
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/libraries/Wire/src/utility/twi.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/platform.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/platform.txt.orig
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/post_install.bat
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/programmers.txt
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/circuitplay32u4/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/circuitplay32u4/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/eightanaloginputs/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/eightanaloginputs/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/ethernet/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/ethernet/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/gemma/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/gemma/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/leonardo/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/leonardo/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/mega/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/mega/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/micro/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/micro/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/robot_control/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/robot_control/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/robot_motor/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/robot_motor/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/standard/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/standard/pins_arduino.h
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/yun/
usr/share/arduino/hardware/archlinux-arduino/avr/variants/yun/pins_arduino.h
