%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/freeplane
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/freeplane.desktop
usr/share/freeplane/
usr/share/freeplane/core/
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/common-image-3.12.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/common-io-3.12.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/common-lang-3.12.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/commons-codec-1.17.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/commons-io-2.17.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/commons-lang-2.6.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/data-url-2.0.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/flatlaf-3.5.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplane_mac-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplaneapi_viewer.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplaneeditor-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplaneosgi-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplaneviewer.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/idw-gpl-1.6.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/imageio-core-3.12.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/imageio-jpeg-3.12.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/imageio-metadata-3.12.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/jgoodies-common-1.8.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/jgoodies-forms-1.9.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/jortho-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/simplyhtml-0.19.9.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/svgSalamander-1.1.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/twemoji-12.1.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/doc/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Freeplane_LaTeX.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/Preferences_Joining nodes.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/BackgroundContextMenu.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/BackgroundContextMenu_nl.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/HotKeysTable.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/HotKeysTable_nl.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/MenusPropertiesPanel.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/MenusPropertiesPanel_nl.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/freeplaneApplications.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/goto node with ID.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/key mapping dialog.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/mapView v outlineView.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/right-click menu - open maps.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/tabs in workspace.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/examples.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/eyes.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/icons toolbar - collapsed.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/mouse/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/mouse/mouse_RB.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/Freeplane workspace (annotated).png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/Freeplane workspace.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/details arrow_.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/f bar - split.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/f bar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/filter toolbar - split.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/filter toolbar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/icons toolbar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/menubar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/notes panel.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/properties panel.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/resize arrows.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/right-click menu.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/scroll bars.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/status line.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/submenu flyouts (basic).png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/submenu flyouts.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/toolbar - split.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/toolbar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/view - toolbars.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/view - view settings.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/properties toolbar - collapsed.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/allclasses-index.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/allpackages-index.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/constant-values.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/copy.svg
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/deprecated-list.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/element-list
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/help-doc.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/index-all.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/index.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/legal/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/legal/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/legal/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/legal/LICENSE
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/legal/jquery.md
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/legal/jqueryUI.md
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/link.svg
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/member-search-index.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/module-search-index.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/AttributeCondition.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/AttributeValueSerializer.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Attributes.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/AttributesRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Border.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/BorderRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ChildNodesAlignment.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ChildNodesLayout.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ChildrenSides.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Cloud.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ConditionalStyle.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ConditionalStyleNotFoundException.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ConditionalStyleRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ConditionalStyles.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Connector.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ConnectorRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Controller.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ControllerRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ConversionException.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Convertible.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Dash.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Dependencies.Element.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Dependencies.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/DependencyLookup.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Edge.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/EdgeRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/EdgeStyle.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ExternalObject.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ExternalObjectRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Font.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/FontRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/FreeplaneVersion.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/HeadlessLoader.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/HeadlessMapCreator.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/HorizontalTextAlignment.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Icons.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/IconsRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/LayoutOrientation.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/LengthUnit.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Link.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/LinkRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Loader.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Map.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/MapRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/MindMap.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/MindMapRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Node.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeChangeListener.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeChanged.ChangedElement.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeChanged.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeCondition.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeGeometry.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeGeometryRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeNotFoundException.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeShape.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeStyle.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeStyleRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/NodeToComparableMapper.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/PhysicalUnit.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Properties.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Quantity.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Reminder.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/ReminderRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Script.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Side.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/Tags.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/TagsRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/TextWritingDirection.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/package-summary.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/api/package-tree.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/ui/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/ui/components/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/ui/components/UITools.Defaults.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/ui/components/UITools.InsertEolAction.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/ui/components/UITools.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/ui/components/package-summary.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/ui/components/package-tree.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/FreeplaneVersion.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/HtmlUtils.IndexPair.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/HtmlUtils.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/LogUtils.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/MenuUtils.MenuEntry.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/MenuUtils.MenuEntryTreeBuilder.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/MenuUtils.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/TextUtils.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/package-summary.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/core/util/package-tree.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/launcher/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/launcher/Launcher.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/launcher/package-summary.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/launcher/package-tree.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/FreeplaneScriptBaseClass.ConfigProperties.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/FreeplaneScriptBaseClass.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/package-summary.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/package-tree.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Convertible.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Attributes.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.AttributesRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Border.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.BorderRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Cloud.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.ConditionalStyle.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.ConditionalStyleRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.ConditionalStyles.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Connector.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.ConnectorRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Controller.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.ControllerRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.DependencyLookup.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Edge.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.EdgeRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.ExternalObject.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.ExternalObjectRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Font.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.FontRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Icons.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.IconsRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Link.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.LinkRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Loader.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Map.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.MapRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.MindMap.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.MindMapRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Node.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.NodeGeometry.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.NodeGeometryRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.NodeRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.NodeStyle.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.NodeStyleRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Properties.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Reminder.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.ReminderRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.Tags.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.TagsRO.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/Proxy.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/ScriptUtils.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/package-summary.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/org/freeplane/plugin/script/proxy/package-tree.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/overview-summary.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/overview-tree.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/package-search-index.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/resources/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/resources/glass.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/resources/x.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/script-dir/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/script-dir/jquery-3.7.1.min.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/script-dir/jquery-ui.min.css
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/script-dir/jquery-ui.min.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/script.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/search-page.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/search.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/search.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/serialized-form.html
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/stylesheet.css
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/tag-search-index.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/api/type-search-index.js
usr/share/freeplane/doc/examplepicture_nl.JPG
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplane.jpg
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneApplications.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneApplications_ja.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneApplications_nl.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneFunctions.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneFunctions_ja.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneFunctions_nl.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide.mmfilter
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide_ja.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide_ja.mmfilter
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide_nl.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide_nl.mmfilter
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplane_menuposition_nl.jpg
usr/share/freeplane/doc/history_en.txt
usr/share/freeplane/doc/latestFreeplaneFeatures.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/latestFreeplaneFeatures_files/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/latestFreeplaneFeatures_files/layouts.png
usr/share/freeplane/framework.jar
usr/share/freeplane/freeplane.l4j.ini
usr/share/freeplane/freeplane.png
usr/share/freeplane/freeplane.policy
usr/share/freeplane/freeplane.sh
usr/share/freeplane/freeplaneConsole.l4j.ini
usr/share/freeplane/freeplaneIcons.dll
usr/share/freeplane/freeplanelauncher.jar
usr/share/freeplane/gitinfo.txt
usr/share/freeplane/init.xargs
usr/share/freeplane/license.txt
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/lib/plugin-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/apfloat-1.10.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/archunit-1.3.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/error_prone_annotations-2.27.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/freeplane-archunit-extension-0.0.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/gson-2.11.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/jgrapht-core-1.5.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/jheaps-0.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/plugin-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/slf4j-api-2.0.12.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.codeexplorer/lib/slf4j-nop-2.0.9.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/lib/plugin-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/lib/plugin-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/lib/syntaxpane-1.3.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/jlatexmath-1.0.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/jlatexmath-font-cyrillic-1.0.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/jlatexmath-font-greek-1.0.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/plugin-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/lib/jsoup-1.17.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/lib/markedj-1.0.20.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/lib/plugin-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/lib/jmapviewer-2.22.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/lib/plugin-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/ant-1.10.15.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/ant-antlr-1.10.15.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/ant-junit-1.10.15.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/ant-launcher-1.10.15.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/asm-9.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/asm-analysis-9.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/asm-tree-9.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/asm-util-9.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-ant-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-cli-picocli-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-console-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-datetime-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-dateutil-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-docgenerator-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-groovydoc-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-groovysh-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-jmx-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-json-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-jsr223-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-macro-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-nio-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-servlet-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-sql-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-swing-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-templates-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-test-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-test-junit5-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-xml-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-yaml-4.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/ivy-2.5.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/jackson-annotations-2.17.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/jackson-core-2.17.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/jackson-databind-2.17.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/jackson-dataformat-yaml-2.17.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/javaparser-core-3.26.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/jline-2.14.6.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/junit-4.13.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/junit-jupiter-api-5.11.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/junit-jupiter-engine-5.11.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/junit-platform-commons-1.11.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/junit-platform-engine-1.11.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/junit-platform-launcher-1.11.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/opentest4j-1.3.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/org.abego.treelayout.core-1.0.3.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/picocli-4.7.6.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/plugin-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/qdox-1.12.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/snakeyaml-2.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-anim-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-awt-util-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-bridge-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-codec-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-constants-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-css-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-dom-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-ext-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-gui-util-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-gvt-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-i18n-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-parser-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-script-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-shared-resources-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-svg-dom-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-svggen-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-swing-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-transcoder-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-util-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-xml-1.18.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/commons-io-2.11.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/fontbox-2.0.27.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/fop-core-2.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/fop-events-2.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/fop-util-2.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/plugin-1.12.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/xml-apis-ext-1.3.04.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/xmlgraphics-commons-2.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/props.xargs
usr/share/freeplane/resources/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/gitinfo.properties
usr/share/freeplane/resources/linkDecoration.ini
usr/share/freeplane/resources/ortho/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/ortho/dictionary_de.ortho
usr/share/freeplane/resources/ortho/dictionary_en.ortho
usr/share/freeplane/resources/ortho/dictionary_fr.ortho
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/BigMap.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/BigMap.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/BuzanMap.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/BuzanMap.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/Darcula-1.7.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/Darcula-1.7.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/conceptMap.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/conceptMap.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_gruvbox_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_gruvbox_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_nord_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_nord_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_purple_neon_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_purple_neon_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_solarized_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_solarized_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/essay.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/essay.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_grey_straight_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_grey_straight_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_grey_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_grey_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_gruvbox_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_gruvbox_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_nord_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_nord_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_purple_neon_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_purple_neon_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_sepia_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_sepia_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_sky_element_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_sky_element_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_solarized_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_solarized_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_super_hero_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_super_hero_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/standard-1.6-noEdgeColor.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/standard-1.6-noEdgeColor.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/standard-1.6.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/standard-1.6.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/codeexplorermodemenu.xml
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/filemodemenu.xml
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/mindmapmodemenu.xml
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/preferences.xml
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/stylemodemenu.xml
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/export2oowriter.manifest.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/export2oowriter.styles.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/export2oowriter.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2adoc.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2freeplane1_1-mm.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2html.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2latexartcl.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2latexbeamer_richcontent_1.3.x.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2latexbook.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2latexinput.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2markdown.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2msp_utf8.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2msp_utf8_TEMPLATE.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2mwiki.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2opml.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2raw.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2text.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2wordml_utf8.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2wordml_utf8_TEMPLATE.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2xbel.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2xls_utf8.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2xml.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/tohtml.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/xbel2mm.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/scripts/
usr/share/freeplane/scripts/apiGenerator.groovy
usr/share/freeplane/scripts/installScriptAddOn.groovy
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/freeplane/
usr/share/licenses/freeplane/license.txt
usr/share/pixmaps/
usr/share/pixmaps/freeplane.svg
