%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/doc/
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/ARM Cross Compilation.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/AUTHORS
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Adding a Filter.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Adding an FX.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Adding an SVG.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Baconpaul's Debug Fragments.txt
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Building for Apple Silicon.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Developer Guide.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Dynamic Names, Deactivation and Bipolarity.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/FX Lifecycle.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/How to Git.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/How to Update Homebrew.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Linux and Other Unix-like Distributions.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Patch Tag Data Model.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/README.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Surge Architecture.md
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Surge Signal Flow.png
usr/share/doc/surge-xt/Wavetables.md
usr/share/surge-xt/
usr/share/surge-xt/WHERE TO PLACE USER DATA.txt
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/Bright Ambience.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/Chamber.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/Galactic.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/Infinity.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/MatrixVerb.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/Melt.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/Nonlinear Space.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/Pocket Verbs.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/Star Child.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Ambience/Verbity.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Clipping/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Clipping/AD Clip.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Clipping/One Corner Clip.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Clipping/Slew 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Clipping/Slew 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Block Party.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Butter Comp.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Compresaturator.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Drum Slam.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Logical.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Point.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Pop.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Pressure.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Pye Wacket.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Surge.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Dynamics/Vari-Mu.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/Air.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/Cabs.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/Capacitor.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/De-Bess.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/Dub Center.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/Dub Sub.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/Hombre.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/MackEQ.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/Pafnuty.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/YBandpass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/YHighpass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/YLowpass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/YNotch.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/ZBandpass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/ZHighpass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/ZLowpass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Filter/ZNotch.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Lo-Fi/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Lo-Fi/Bit Glitter.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Lo-Fi/Crunchy Groove Wear.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Lo-Fi/DeRez.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Lo-Fi/Deck Wrecka.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Lo-Fi/Groove Wear.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Lo-Fi/To Vinyl.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Noise/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Noise/Dust Bunny.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Noise/Noise.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Noise/Tape Dust.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Noise/Voice Of The Starship.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Pitch/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Pitch/Glitch Shifter.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Apicolypse.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Bass Drive.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Buss Colors.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Cojones.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Density.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Drive.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Fire Amp.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Focus.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Fracture.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Hard Vacuum.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Loud.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Mackity.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Mojo.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/NC-17.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Power Sag.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Single-Ended Triode.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Spiral.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Saturation And More/Unbox.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Stereo/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Stereo/Triple Spread.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Tape/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Tape/Chrome Oxide.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Tape/Iron Oxide.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Airwindows/Tape/To Tape.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Bonsai/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Bonsai/Burnt.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Bonsai/Deep Bass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Bonsai/Excessive Bass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Bonsai/Soft.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Bonsai/Subtle.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Bonsai/Subtler.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/CHOW/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/CHOW/Anomaly.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Ambient.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Analog Warmth.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Deep.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Faster.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Fat.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Fullness.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Like A Pad.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Reverb.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Short.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Soft.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Spread & Phase.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Supersaw.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Sweet.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Chorus/Unison.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Combulator/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Combulator/Add Harshness (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Combulator/E Minor World.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Combulator/Little Sparkle (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Combulator/Nice Sand.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Combulator/Sparkle.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Conditioner/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Conditioner/Limiter 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Conditioner/Limiter 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Conditioner/Peak Suppressor.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Conditioner/Sit Tight.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Analog Echo.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Basic 1-1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Basic 1-16.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Basic 1-2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Basic 1-32.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Basic 1-4.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Basic 1-64.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Basic 1-8.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Chorus Wider.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Chorus.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Cool Tabs.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Crazy Verb.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Dimension.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Dreamy.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Fat Delay.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Feet In The Air.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Follower.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Let's Play Together.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Medium Hall.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Ping-Pong 1-16.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Ping-Pong 1-4.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Ping-Pong 1-8.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Repeat.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Rhythmic 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Rhythmic 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Rhythmic 3.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Vintage Digital Smooth.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Wide 1-4.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Delay/Wide 1-8.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Bright 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Bright 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Crunchy.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Deep 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Deep 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Full Range.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Kind.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Low End.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Overdrive.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Round.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Subtle.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Warm 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Warm 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Warm 3.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Warm 4.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Distortion/Warm 5.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Air.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Bottom.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Bright.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Brilliance.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Clarity.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Crisp.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Dark.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Edge.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Kick EQ.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Mid Cut.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Muddy.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Presence.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Punch.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Sibilance.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Smiley Curve.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/EQ/Warm.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Ensemble/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Ensemble/Glassy Highs.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Ensemble/Kind Person.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Ensemble/Monster Dirt.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Exciter/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Exciter/A Touch Of Sizzle.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Exciter/Aggressive.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Exciter/Master Shinichi.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Exciter/Punchy.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Exciter/Soft Exciter.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Exciter/Widely Excited.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Flanger/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Flanger/Big Chorus.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Flanger/Fast.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Flanger/Fat One.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Flanger/Fatter.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Flanger/Slow Move.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Flanger/Warm.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Flanger/Wide.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Freq Shift/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Freq Shift/Building Robot Monkeys.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Freq Shift/Chorusy.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Freq Shift/Falling Down.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Freq Shift/Future Will Be Like This.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Freq Shift/Pulsating.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Graphic EQ/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Graphic EQ/Full Bass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Graphic EQ/Full Treble.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Graphic EQ/Guitar Cab Cassette.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Graphic EQ/Master.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Graphic EQ/Mids With 12k.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Graphic EQ/Rock.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Graphic EQ/Smiley Curve.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Graphic EQ/Techno.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Mid-Side Tool/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Mid-Side Tool/M-S Decode (-6 dB).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Mid-Side Tool/M-S Decode.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Mid-Side Tool/M-S EQ.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Mid-Side Tool/M-S Encode.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Mid-Side Tool/Tight Bass.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Neuron/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Neuron/Disruption.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Neuron/This Cassette.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Nimbus/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Nimbus/Creepy Combo (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Nimbus/IDK About This (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Nimbus/Subliminal Fluff (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/Aliens.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/Decent.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/Max Stereo.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/Narrow And Sweet.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/Soft Spread.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/Stereo Phaser.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/Stereo Wide.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/Sweetspot.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Phaser/Talky.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Resonator/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Resonator/Bazz.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Resonator/Hammer.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Resonator/Hi-Res.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Resonator/Kriskros.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Resonator/Older Record.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Resonator/XCrush.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Cathedral 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Cathedral 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Concert Hall.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Hall 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Hall 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Hall 3.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Hall 4.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Large Hall.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Long 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Long 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Opera House.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Room.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Short Sustain Ambience.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Standard.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 1/Warm Hall.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Amazing Big Hall (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Ambience.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Anybody Canyon.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Back Room.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Blurred Echo.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Brick Chamber (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Cathedral 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Cathedral 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Cave (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Concert Hall (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Dark Plate (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Deep Ambience.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Deep And Long.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Deep Space.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Dense Hall (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Diffuse Delay.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Echo Plate (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Endless.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Epic Hall.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Fat Chamber (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Floor (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Gated Room (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Gated Room.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Ghostly Chamber.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Grain Delay.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Ice House (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Large Church (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Large Deep Hall (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Now That's Enough (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Piano Hall (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Reflect Church (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Repro Plate (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Retro (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Silver Plate (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Sky.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Small Hall (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Sun Plate B (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Warm Hall.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Waving.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Reverb 2/Wider Shot (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Ring Mod/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Ring Mod/Crusher.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Ring Mod/Poisonous.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Rotary/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Rotary/Chorusy (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Rotary/Fast.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Rotary/Flutter.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Rotary/Rotor Chorus.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Rotary/Slow.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Rotary/Turn The Rotor.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Tape/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Tape/Analog.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Tape/Buried Message.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Tape/Fattening (Send).srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Tape/Hi-Fi.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Tape/Muffled Warmth 1.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Tape/Muffled Warmth 2.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Treemonster/
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Treemonster/Creepypasta.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/fx_presets/Treemonster/In The Back.srgfx
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Envelope/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Envelope/1 Bar Fade In.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Envelope/16th Note Delay.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Envelope/4th Note Delay.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Envelope/8th Note Delay.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Envelope/Basic ADSR.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Formula/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Formula/8x Noise.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Formula/8x S&H.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Formula/8x Saw.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Formula/8x Sine.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Formula/8x Square.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Formula/8x Triangle.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Formula/Lorenz Attractor.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/8th Note S&H.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/Delayed Vibrato.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/Noise.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/Noisy Transient.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/Slow Poly Random.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/Utility/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/Utility/Random Fade Bipolar.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/Utility/Random Fade Unipolar.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/Utility/Random Value Bipolar.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/LFO/Utility/Random Value Unipolar.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/1 Major.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/10 Half-Diminished 7th.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/11 Diminished 7th.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/2 Minor.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/3 Diminished.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/4 Augmented.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/5 Suspended 2nd.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/6 Suspended 4th.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/7 Major 7th.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/8 Minor 7th.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/1 Chords/9 Dominant 7th.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/1 Chromatic.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/10 Locrian.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/11 Phrygian Dominant.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/12 Double Harmonic Major.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/13 Double Harmonic Minor.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/14 Whole Tone.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/15 Major Pentatonic.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/16 Minor Pentatonic.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/17 Blues.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/2 Major.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/3 Natural Minor.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/4 Harmonic Minor.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/5 Melodic Minor.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/6 Lydian.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/7 Mixolydian.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/8 Dorian.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/2 Scales/9 Phrygian.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/3 Asymmetric LFO/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/3 Asymmetric LFO/10 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/3 Asymmetric LFO/12 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/3 Asymmetric LFO/4 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/3 Asymmetric LFO/5 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/3 Asymmetric LFO/6 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/3 Asymmetric LFO/7 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/3 Asymmetric LFO/8 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/3 Asymmetric LFO/9 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/4 Unipolar LFO/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/4 Unipolar LFO/5 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/4 Unipolar LFO/7 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/4 Unipolar LFO/9 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/4 Unipolar LFO/Sidechain.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/5 Looped Envelope/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/5 Looped Envelope/10 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/5 Looped Envelope/12 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/5 Looped Envelope/5 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/5 Looped Envelope/6 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/5 Looped Envelope/7 Segments.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/5 Looped Envelope/Warble.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Bezier, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Brownian, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Bump, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Linear, R - Linear 1.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Linear, R - Linear 2.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - S-Curve, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Saw, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Sine, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Smooth Stairs, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Square, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Stairs, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/6 AR Envelope/A - Triangle, R - Linear.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/7 Rhythmic/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/7 Rhythmic/5 Segments 1.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/7 Rhythmic/5 Segments 2.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/7 Rhythmic/7 Segments 1.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/MSEG/7 Rhythmic/7 Segments 2.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Melodic/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Melodic/Erratic Motion.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Melodic/In Trance.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Melodic/Major Arpeggio.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Melodic/Major Steps.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Melodic/Minor Arpeggio.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Melodic/Minor Jumps.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Melodic/The Lick.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Rhythmic/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Rhythmic/Trance Gate 1.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Rhythmic/Trance Gate 2.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Rhythmic/Trance Gate 3.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Rhythmic/Trance Gate 4.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Rhythmic/Trance Gate 5.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Rhythmic/Trance Gate 6.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Rhythmic/Trance Gate 7.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Waveforms/
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Waveforms/Quantized Ramp.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Waveforms/Quantized Saw.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/modulator_presets/Step Seq/Waveforms/Quantized Triangle.modpreset
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/808er Than 808.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/Amen Polska.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/Bonsai 808.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/Dynamo Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/Move Like A Bucket Truck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/Raspy Ring On It.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/Seek And Ye Shall Find.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/Sqweird.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Basses/Sub Wrap Example.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Keys/ Grant Me....fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Keys/I See I Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Keys/July.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Keys/March.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Keys/November.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Leads/Hurdy Pardner!.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Leads/Let Life Give Limes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Leads/Novuo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Plucks/Cute 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Plucks/Cute 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Plucks/Cute 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/A.Liv/Plucks/Taped Plucks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Aggressive.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Ancient FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Ayay.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Boog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Burial.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Digivex.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Hate.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Mammoth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Neuro.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Orbit.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Piercing.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Rampage.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Rounded.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Useful.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Basses/Waw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/Closed Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/Kick 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/Kick 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/Kick 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/Kick 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/Kick Lo-Fi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/Linn Kick Tape.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/Snare 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Drums/Snare 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/FX/Ritual.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/FX/Shore.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/FX/Swoosh.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/FX/Water.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Guitars/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Guitars/Temple.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Keys/Clave.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Leads/AOE.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Leads/Sine Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Organs/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Organs/Organish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Alone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Beating.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Bowed.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Cyber Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Dark Pulse.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Ghost Past.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Journey.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Keep Waiting.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Mana Quest.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Stars.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Unity.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Pads/Unstable.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Percussion/Tuned Wood.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Sequences/Slow Mono.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Synths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Synths/Neptune.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Synths/Paraphrase.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Synths/VHS.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Altenberg/Synths/Zero.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Drums/Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Drums/Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/FX/Computer Language 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/FX/Computer Language 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/FX/Monster Feedback.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/FX/Reson.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Keys/Gumdrops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Keys/Music Toy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Leads/Argitoth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Leads/Earmelt Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Leads/Garbage Man.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Leads/Screaming Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Leads/Trance Lead 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Leads/Trance Lead 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Leads/Trance Lead 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Pads/Blue Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Pads/Classic Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Pads/Saw-Square Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Pads/Subtle Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Rhythms/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Rhythms/Edges Rhythm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Rhythms/Psyence Loop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Rhythms/Raindrops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Rhythms/Scrooz Loop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Winds/Arabian Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Winds/Asian Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Winds/Block.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Argitoth/Winds/Recorder.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 10.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 11.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 12.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 13.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 14.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 15.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 16.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 17.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 8.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass 9.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Basses/Bass Seq 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Brass/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Brass/Horns 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Brass/Horns 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Brass/Horns 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Brass/Soprano Sax.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Keys/Digi Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Keys/Donna's Glass Hammers.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Keys/Ghost Glass Harmonium.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Keys/Pianoish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Keys/Rotary Blue.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Keys/Treated Rhodes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/A Rattle In The Old Man's Sax.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Crusher.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Distorted Cello.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Harpsick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Ice Rain.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 10.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 11.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 8.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Lead 9.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Leads/Zappa Digilead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Organs/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Organs/C. Jack Dupree.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Organs/Santana Goin' Home 73.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Another Warm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Bad News.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Broken.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/China Crisis.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Delta Rhythm Boys.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Fifths 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Fifths 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Fifths 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Fifths 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Fifths 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Fifths 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Fifths Whiteboat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Film.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Frogs With Dirty Little Lips.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Ghost Glass Harmonium.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Gods.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Hassel Lost His New Horn.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Hine's Vertigo 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Hit and Hesitate.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Innit Blue.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Juno.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/King.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Mid Key Squeal.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Obie.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Orbit and Sub.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Out Of Tune Tin 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Rainy Day Dreamaway.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Res Wave Shift.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Rhythm Delay 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Sawdust.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Shimmer Glimmer Goes Dirt.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Skum Bolero 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/The Lunatic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Whatever.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/White Room.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Wool 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Pads/Wool 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Percussion/Tubular.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Splits/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Splits/Bilbo 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Splits/Casio VL Tone 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Splits/Dam Dam Dam 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Splits/Diggety Doggety 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Splits/Nu 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Splits/Royals Straight Flushed 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Splits/Trevor Horn Is My Mother 110 BPM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Vox/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Vox/Gregorian Rant Mono.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Vox/Gregorian Rant Poly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Winds/Bamboo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Winds/Basson.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Bluelight/Winds/Recorder.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Acid Bassline 1 .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Acid Bassline 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Badass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Emulation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Fancy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Ghoul.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Growl.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Housy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Joe Has Had A Bad Day.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Moogish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Basses/Synthwave.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Brass/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Brass/Brassy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Brass/Soft 80s Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Brass/Synth Trumpet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Acoustic Crash.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Acoustic HiHat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Acoustic Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Acoustic Ride.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Acoustic Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Acoustic Tom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Boomy Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Cheap Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Classic 808 Cowbell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Classic Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Destroyed Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Dubstep Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Nice Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Old Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Old Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Old Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Organic Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 10.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 11.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 8.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Perc 9.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Rickroll Tom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Shaker Loop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Short Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Short Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Snap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Drums/Vinyl Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/After Spicy Chip.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Alarm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Alien Communication.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Evening On Pluto.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Ominus Drown.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Plasma Gun.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Prowler, The Little Friendly Elephant .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Siren.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Stormy Weather.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Sub Drop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Tape Stop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Top Ten Voices In My Head.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Vinyl Noise 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Vinyl Noise 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/FX/Vinyl Noise 3 .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/Daisy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/Dizzy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/Fake Bell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/Gentle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/Moonman.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/Noisy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/Tape Keys.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/Vintage EP.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Keys/Wurli.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Leads/Aggressive Brass Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Leads/Destroyed 808.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Leads/FMey 808.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Leads/Funky Sine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Leads/Jazzy Guitar Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Leads/Music Box Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Leads/Simple 808.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Leads/Snails.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Organs/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Organs/Clicky Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Pads/FM Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Pads/Lush.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Pads/Origin.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Pads/Space Station.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Pads/Sparkle Mountain.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Pads/Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Pads/Sussy Baka Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Pads/Utopia .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Winds/Bubbly Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Cybersoda/Winds/Saxophone Emulation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Arps/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Arps/Cinematic Arp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Arps/Cinematic RTM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Arps/Dark & Rhythmic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Arps/Lush Style.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Arps/Metallic Arp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Arps/Scratched Arp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Arps/Transparent.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Analog Magic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Another Dubstep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/BC Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Bam Bo Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Bass N4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Bulky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Crazy Dub.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Distinguished.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Disto Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Dubstep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/FX Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Fast & Furious .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Ho Ho.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/House Fly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Little Finger.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Longest Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Massive Dubstep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Normal Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Satu Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Side Bass N1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Unknowing Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Basses/Whisper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Drums/FX Glitch.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Drums/Hi-Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Drums/Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Drums/Perc.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Drums/Reverse Crash.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Drums/Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Drums/Tom L.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Drums/Tom R.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Leads/Attacky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Leads/Dark Strange.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Leads/Funky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Leads/Golden Chord.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Leads/RoboTalker.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Leads/Rough & Soft.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Leads/Staccato String Land.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Leads/Welding.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/Church Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/Dispell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/Dusty Ambience.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/Freedom Message.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/Funky Gate.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/House Of Chords.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/Paddington.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/Rising Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Pads/Spaceship.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Brass N4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Brass Pluck 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Brass Pluck 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Brass Synth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Daft Punk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Dark Clouds.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Disto.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Drunk Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Fun Key.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Glassier.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Happy Snappy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Like Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Main Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Modern Bell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Rattler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Talking.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Plucks/Trance Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Sequences/Psyvoice.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Sequences/Shimmeration.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Basses/Lucy Louise.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Basses/Piglet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Basses/Throated Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/Airplane Fly-By.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/Cricket Song.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/Flubber.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/Lake Eerie.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/Manic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/Rainfall.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/Space Pigs.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/Star Dust.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/Summer Insects.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/FX/The Descent.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/Bonita Keys.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/Detuned Vibes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/FM Acoustic Piano 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/FM Acoustic Piano 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/FM Piano 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/FM Piano 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/FM Piano 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/Forte Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/Glass Harpsichord.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Keys/Piano Vector.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Leads/By The Way....fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Leads/Positive Feedback.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Leads/Reluctant Leader.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Leads/Second Thoughts.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Leads/Sharp Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Leads/Soft Sync.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Leads/Sync Sweep Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Leads/Third Release.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Dark Friday.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Drone Bee.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Fingers On Wine Glass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Galaxy Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Here's Your Sine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Ice Cream Sundae.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Jellyfish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Lush PWM Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Muted Square Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Pulling Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/The Voice.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Touch Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Touch String - Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Until Then.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Pads/Wave Complex.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Percussion/Big Bells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Percussion/Morphing Bells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Percussion/Phased Gong 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Percussion/Phased Gong 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Percussion/Phased Gong 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Percussion/Smooth Bells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Percussion/Synclav Bells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Bowed Plucked Pipe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Comb Harp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Galactic Harp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Hidden Tiger.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Muther Plucker.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Power Chord.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Purple.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Resonated Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Sine Of The Times.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Plucks/Strum Up.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/A Robotic Mind.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Alternate Solution.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Bad Influence.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Boidae.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Brave New World.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Certified.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Chime Charm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Dancing Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Dizzy Busy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Dropper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Earfull.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/FM Waves 01.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/FM Waves 02.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Fire Breather.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Generator.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Hartsfield.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Jambourie.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Ka$h.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Lanes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Moving Day.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Mumford's the Word.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/North Atlantic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Old Tool Motion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Pick Me Minor Arp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Pick Me.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Pipe Dreams.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Prism.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Pulstronic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Quinceanera.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Reanimation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Rhythm and Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Rice Paper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Shuddup!.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Six Palms.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Stepping Out.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Sweet Sixteen.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Syncing Ship.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Tin Men.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Tinker Toys.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Twelve Step Layer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/Two Bit.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Rhythms/What's Your Vector, Victor .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Sequences/Bass & Rhythm 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Sequences/Bass & Rhythm 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Sequences/Carolina Reaper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Sequences/Drum Loop 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Sequences/Drum Loop 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Sequences/Drum Loop 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Sequences/Flying Squares.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Sequences/Tube Rhythm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Splits/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Splits/Catalina.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Splits/Dope Drummer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Splits/Walking Away.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Big Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Cascade.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Chainsaw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Chime Charm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Comb String Section.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Feedback Cycle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Freeform.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Grey And Black.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Lyrica.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Metal Head.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Overdriven Cello.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Saskatoon.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Saturation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Scrooge McDuck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Splash Mouth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Square Wave.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/String Quartet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Virtual Sync Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Warm Reception.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Synths/Wudang.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Amped Harmonica.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Andes Pipes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Clarinet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Double Reed.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Flute 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Flute 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Huangshan.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Junkyard Dog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Oboe-Wan-Can-No-Be.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Oscar The Grouch.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Physical Therapy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Pipe Attack.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Reed To Pipe Morph.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Scratchy Throat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Simple Pipe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Dan Maurer/Winds/Tenor Sax.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Basses/Crystal Rip.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Basses/Cure.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Basses/Dirty Grime.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Basses/Moognt.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Basses/Wadded Beef.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Basses/Wandering Tremors.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/2 Glitched.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Bata Dending.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Chaos Bits.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Chaos Grips.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Dead MT.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Depletion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Dleeped.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Emerald Caverns.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Generative Greebles.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Modularesque.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Noninit.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Rezdrop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Soupbell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Tears Of....fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/FX/Throwing Glass In A Stone House.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Basic Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Bright Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Crangellis.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Document.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Drifting Bodies.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Drying.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Ember.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Emulation Realtor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Feed.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Grains Of Filth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Hollow Code.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Languid Slide.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Meld.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Melting Bells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Polished Cheese.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Quiet Lung.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Run The Blades.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Shining Broth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Slewing Glass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Spectration.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Tape Magic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Vintaged.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Warmbo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Pads/Yom Thork.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/City Windows.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/Deviations.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/Ghoul In The Machine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/Irrelevant Number.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/Metric Complications.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/Obsoletion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/Psybending.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/Risk Detention.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/Truncated Deviations.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Databroth/Sequences/Truncating Deviant.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Basses/Acidy FM Boy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Basses/Barfy Beauty.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Basses/Beefy Boi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Basses/Soft Plucks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Egg Shaker.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Hat Closed.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Hat Open.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Hat Split.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Kick Room 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Kick Room 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Mort Chippy Bits.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Mort Kick Chippy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Mort Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Mort Noisey Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Mort Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Snare Room 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Snare Room 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/Splashy Ride.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T8 Clap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T8 Conga.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T8 Cowbell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T8 Cymbal.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T8 Kick 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T8 Kick 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T8 Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T8 Tom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T9 Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Drums/T9 Tom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/FX/Noise Particles.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/FX/Robot Exhaust.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/FX/Sick In The Super Dome.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/FX/Signature Talker 1S.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/FX/Slapshot.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/CowbellBanjo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/Crispy Key.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/FMHappy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/I Once Was A Cymbal.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/Light EP.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/SoftSaw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/Thin and Gaseous Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/Trashion EP.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/Trombone Harmonica.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Keys/Yoobee Talker.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Leads/Crushed Upright Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Leads/Doink Realm Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Leads/Droney FM Steamer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Leads/Melted Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Leads/Sax Destroyer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Leads/Square Adventure.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Pads/Beautiful Flutebad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Pads/Blazing Galaxies.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Pads/Buzzy Bees And Sitars.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Pads/Fez Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Pads/Fuzzy Speaks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Pads/Ghostly Voices.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Pads/Square And Back Again.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Pads/Windy Brassmen.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Plucks/Banjo Like.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Plucks/Bossy Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Plucks/Brass Attacks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Plucks/Hidden Hats FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Plucks/Horn Ring Boops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Plucks/Pluck 2 Pad Demon Sad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Sequences/Dancing Sine Boyz.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Sequences/Dirty Saws.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Synths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Synths/80s Future Key.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Synths/Disto Brass Pass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Synths/Garbely Joe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Synths/Golden Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Synths/Piercing Trumpet Morph.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Synths/Strange Declarations.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Emu/Synths/Wonky Game Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Black Swarm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Dark Notch.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Dark Trancer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Deep Jungler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Distorro.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Dog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Highpass Terror.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Hoovin' Spot.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Mid Band Diver.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Module Hunter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Multisaw Ring.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Phasing Warp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Rave Detuner.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Ring 'n' Shape.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Shaped Tri-Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Sinus To Sinus.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Sirens and Fire.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Squeezy Chaos.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Swell Reece.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Tech Cabinet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/VA Experience.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Warm Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Wave Joke.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Wellblech.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/Wobbler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Basses/X0X Bassline.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/5th Element.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/Dual Ensemble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/Happy Old Vibe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/Inside The Place.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/Minor Flag.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/Minor Synth Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/Pluck Character.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/Synth Stab Minor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/Unison Minority.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Chords/Visitor's Playground.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Drums/Bass Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Drums/Clap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Drums/Closed Hi-Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Drums/Open Hi-Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Drums/Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Drums/Zap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/1 2 3 Auf Die.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Alien Appears.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Anomaly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Elf Steps.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Industry Facility.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Machine Room.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Mystery Hole.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Outside Planet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Pitch Up Drop 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Pitch Up Drop 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/R2D2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Stream Sparkle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/FX/Weird Bells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Funny Dub.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Glass Tick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Glassy E-Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Glockenmorph.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Harmonic Ring.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Moody Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Ring Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Sin Ring.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Table Morph.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Tri Meets Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Keys/Vintage Boost.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Background Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Crisp Cross.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Cut Through.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Formant Tables.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Frag 7th Syn.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Future Sax.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Guitar Vibe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/House Vibe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Mechanic Unison.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Ravin' Stalker.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Saw Rings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Squary Sync.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Street Parade.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Synth Surfer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Tech Ring.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Under The Tomb.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Leads/Wave Arp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/Charmy Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/Deep Houser.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/Draft Card.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/Hammond's Hall.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/Late Night.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/Liquid Steel.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/Lot Of Drawbars.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/Morph Magic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Organs/Wanna B3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Back Texture.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Breath Of China.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Changing Sines.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Chorbells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Cyborg Texture.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Dark Whisper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Deep Choir.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Digitized Choir.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Dub Choir.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Electric City.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Horizon Opens.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Moon and Water.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/OAH Choir.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Organaut.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Sci-Fi Church.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Sun Rising.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Time Shift.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Vocodarian.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Wide Vibrations.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Pads/Wood Walk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Alarm Reese.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Bellchordian.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Bellistic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Hard Hacked.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Mellow On Sync.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Reeseliner.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Sine Hammer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Staccato Mellow.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Trance Ground.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Tubularity.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Rhythms/Unison Retrigger.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Winds/Clarinet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Winds/Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Winds/Horns.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Winds/Oboe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Giana Brotherz/Winds/Trumpet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Alone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Autumn 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Beautiful Thoughts 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Beautiful Thoughts 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Bell Cave.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Bloody Valentine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Dark Bell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Deep Space 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Deep Space 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Disturbances.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Fragile 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Fragile 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Fragile 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Fragile 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Fragile 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Further 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Further 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Go Carefully.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Going Away.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Hangars 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Hangars 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Hangars 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Hangars 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Isolation 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Isolation 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Isolation 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Isolation 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Isolation 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Mystery 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Mystery 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Nasal Cavern.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/No End Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Persistance.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Pure 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Ravine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Resonant Atmosphere 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Resonant Atmosphere 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Sine Movers 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Sine Movers 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Something At The Lighthouse.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Suspense.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Tables Turning.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/The Well.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Thoughts 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Unexpected.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Winter 10.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Winter 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Winter 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Winter 8.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Wonk 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Wonk 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Atmospheres/Yearn.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Autumn 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Autumn 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Bass 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Bass 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Bass 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Bass 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Cat Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Dark Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Digitalis.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Irreversible 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Irreversible 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Ladder 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Softer Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Squelch 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Squelch 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Squelch 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Undulation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Unstable Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Warm Fuzzy Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Watch Out Below.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Basses/Wrong Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/60s Sci-Fi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Air Spray.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Calamity 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Calamity 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Dark Dyson.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Drone Melancholy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Edgy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Knocks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Saturn V.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Sea Pipe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/FX/Uplifting Noise.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Blade 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Blade 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Blade 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Blade 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Blade 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Dreaming.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Fizzer 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Fizzer 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Fragile 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Fragile 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Further 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Glitter 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Glitter 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Harpsick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Melodic Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Piano 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Piano 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Piano 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Piano 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Piano 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Piano 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/The Softest Melody.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Thoughts 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Thoughts 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Thoughts 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Thoughts 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Thoughts 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Thoughts 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Winter 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Keys/Winter 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Apex Arp 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Apex Arp 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Atonal.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Autumn 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Bellish Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Chiff 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Chiff 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Chiff 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Chiff 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Children's Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Clockers 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Clockers 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Clockers 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Clockers 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Crackles.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Delicate.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Digital Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Dirty Hardcore 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Dirty Hardcore 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Distance Between Us.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Faint Memory.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Faraway Tree.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Fat Detuned Squares.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Fat Detuned Sync.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Fizzer 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Fizzer 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Fizzer 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Glitter 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Happy Saws.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Hello Little Weed.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Klop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Melodic Line 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Melodic Line 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Melodic Line 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Melodic Line 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Mystery 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Nova 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Nova 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Pops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Rain On Top.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Scaffold.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Simply Moving.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Spook 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Spook 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Subtle Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Sweet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Trill.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Twinkle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Winter 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Winter 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Leads/Wobbly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Deep Space 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Deep Space 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Deep Space 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Dirty Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Hangars 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Mystery 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Pad Basics.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Paddy Power.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Pure 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Pure 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Pure 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Saw Pad 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Saw Pad 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Thoughts 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Thoughts 8.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Thoughts 9.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Tonal.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Winter 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Pads/Winter 9.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Arp 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Arp 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Arp 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Arp 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Arp 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Arp 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Arp 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Arp 8.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Ladder 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Ladder 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Ladder 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Shipping.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Six Way 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Three Way 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Three Way 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Rhythms/Three Way 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Winds/Flat Oboe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Inigo Kennedy/Winds/Mountain Pipe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Above.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Brass Swells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Bright Hybrid.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Brightly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Circles Squared.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Divaesque.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/FMiscellanea 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/FMiscellanea 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Fade To Black.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Faded Polaroids.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/First Light (1-3-7).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/First Light (Variant).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Harold Budd (1936-2020).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Iso Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Life In Major Keys (1-3-7).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Life In Major Keys (Variant).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Mod Sixteen (1-61-19).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Mod Sixteen (Variant).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Next Spring.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Other Bright Themes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/ReSurgence.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Stringish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Swirling.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/That Morning (1-3-7).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/That Morning (Variant).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/TransHarmonics (1-3-5).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Unbearable Lightness.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Warm Theme.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Whispering Waves.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/X-Fade Ensemble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/X-Fade Sines 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/X-Fade Sines 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Ambiance/Y87 (Variant).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Anticipation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Beginnings (1-3-7).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Beginnings (Variant).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Duality.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Ensemble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/New Waves.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Orchestral.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Planet Surge.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/ReSines.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Reflective States.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Renewal Loops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Sixfades.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/When Soaring.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Atmospheres/Written In Tone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Basses/BackWord.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Basses/FM Sub.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Basses/Mod Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Basses/Monohuge.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Basses/Play Low.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Basses/Pulse.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Basses/ResamplEmu.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Basses/Scraper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/80s Futures Pasts.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Afterglow.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Arpsychord.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Bell Keys 1 (1-3-5).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Bell Keys 2 (1-5-6).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Bell Keys 3 (1-3-5).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Bell Song.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Bore Excitations.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Brass Nostalgia.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Corporealities.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/EPad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/EPleasantries.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/FM E-Piano 1, 3, 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/FM Swirlscapes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/FM3 Deiified.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Fiftyish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Harmonic Dimensions.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Harmonicscape.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Iso EP.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Iso-Keys.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Lighter Still.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Midnight Retrospections.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Midnightly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Min-Triad Me.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Open Windows.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Our Stories.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Palm Mute Pi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Pluckstring.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Rediscoveries (1-3-6).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Rediscoveries (Variant).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Saw Things.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Slow Waves.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Sunny.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Through Open Windows.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/X-Fade Keys.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Keys/Y87 (1-3-9).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Freerunaway.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Hammer-On Hammer-Off.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Journey To The Center Of The Surge.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Lovely Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Lucky Woman.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Monosynths Forever.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Mountaintops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Riffing For Peace.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Saw Swarm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Shredder 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Shredder 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Shredder 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Sines Of Our Times.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Stories In One Voice.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/Warm One.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Leads/With One Voice.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/Bass Marimba 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/Bass Marimba 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/Chimes 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/Cymbell 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/Cymbell 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/Golden Mallets.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/Lithovibes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/Square Metallophone .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Mallets/Toy Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Modelled/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Modelled/Bowed Psaltery.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Modelled/Clavichord.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Modelled/Hammered Dulcimer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Modelled/PMinimalism.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Modelled/Piano Fictions.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Modelled/Santoor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Modelled/Stringed Traditions.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/8-Bit Singing.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Aliascape.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Aliaspace.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Bright Drone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Closer Still.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Ensemble Modern.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Glitch Choir.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Granularity.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Granularwaves.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Modern XFS 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Morphestra.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Now And Then.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Open Spaces.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Other X-Fades 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Other X-Fades 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Other X-Fades 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Planetarium.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Pulse Glitcher.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Random FM Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Sineplicity.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/Smooth Chorus.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 10.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 11.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 8.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Pads/String Machine 9.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Percussion/Bell Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Percussion/Dunun With Bell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Percussion/Membranophone 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Percussion/Membranophone 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Percussion/Membranophone 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Percussion/Membranophone Dum-Tek.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Percussion/Metal Things.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Percussion/Tarang.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Bass Sawari.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Bright Attack.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Bright Pizzicato.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Bright Res Body.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Bright Short.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Bright String Glide.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Long FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Muted Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Orch Hit Short.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Porta Mod.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Resonant Body Pizz.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Sawari Pizz.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Short Glide Res Body.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Short Glide.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Plucks/Wooden Pizz.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Sequences/Chaoseq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Sequences/End Credits X-Fade.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Sequences/Quartertone And The Pitch.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Sequences/Silk Sequences.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Sequences/Still Motions.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Sequences/Stranger Surges.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/AlterHarp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Baconscapes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Drop-Out Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Experiminimalism.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Gliding.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Glissabout.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Hauntology.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Moire 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Moire 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Outerscapes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Parting Skies.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Returning.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Sympathetic Vibes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Twisted Nimbus.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Wave Sequencing.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/Whale Communion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/X-Wave Minimalism.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Soundscapes/XTease.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Splits/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Splits/Bass Pad + Chorus Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Splits/Bass Seq + Synth Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Splits/Bright Pad + Slow String.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Splits/Rate Mod Pad + Slow Mod Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Splits/Reverse Pad + Swirl Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Splits/Soft Bass Pad + Saw Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Splits/String Bass + Resonant Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Strings/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Strings/Bowed Psaltery.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Strings/Clavichord.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Strings/Hammered Dulcimer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Strings/Piano Fictions.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Strings/Santoor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Strings/Stringed Traditions.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/Alias.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/Classic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/FM2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/FM3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/Modern.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/S&H Noise.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/Sine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/String.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/Twist.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/Wavetable.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Jacky Ligon/Templates/Window.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Basses/Analog Bass Imaged.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Basses/Axel's Analog Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Basses/Distorted Power Bass Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Basses/Guitarp Slap Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Basses/Power Buzz.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Basses/Speaking Synth Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Basses/Sweet Bass Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Brass/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Brass/French Horn.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Brass/Orchestral Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Brass/Trumpet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Cavern Water Drips.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Cicada Forest.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/DTMF MF4 Telephone Dialler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Distant Thunder Rumble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Fireworks - Bang And Fizzle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Fireworks - Launch.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Fireworks - Screamers.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Grandfather Clock Ticking.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Low-Passing Jet Airplane Flyby.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Mission Control Space Radio.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Pebble Beach Breaking Ocean Waves And Cave.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/FX/Windy Trees Environment.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Guitars/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Guitars/Distorted Electric Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Guitars/Nylon Acoustic Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Keys/Amethyst Empathy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Keys/Axel's Sharp Atmosphere.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Keys/FM E-Piano Four High.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Keys/FM Square Glassy Boops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Keys/Grand Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Keys/Harpsichord.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Keys/Pipe Organ Flutes & Reeds.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Keys/Pipe Organ Trumpet Pedal.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Leads/Axel's Brassy Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Leads/Crockett's Plucked Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Leads/Laser Harp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Leads/Synced Synth Solo Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Pads/70s Fizzy String.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Pads/Axel's Brassy Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Pads/Sweeping Distorted Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Axel's Synth Claps.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Claves (Sticks).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Cowbell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Cymbal Tap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Handbells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Noisy Synth Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Orchestral Bass Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Pop Clap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Rainmaker.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Snare Tom 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Snare Tom 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Taiko Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Timpani.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Percussion/Tongue Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Plucks/Guitarp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Plucks/Harpie.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Sequences/Crockett's Seq Filter Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Strings/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Strings/Dexie String Mix Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Strings/Light Hammered Dulcimer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Strings/Solo Violin.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Strings/String Cello.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Strings/String Contrabass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Voices/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Voices/Voice Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Voices/Voice Breath Huh.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Voices/Voice Soprano 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Voices/Voice Soprano 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Winds/Bassoon.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Winds/Clarinet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Winds/Cor Anglais.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Winds/Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Winds/Folky High Pipe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Winds/Oboe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/John Valentine/Winds/Recorder.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Audio In/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Audio In/Favorite Sidechainer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Acid Funk Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Asym Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Big Fat Combinator Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Character Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Fresh FM Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/From Subs To Reeses & Back Again.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Indie Dance Saw Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Modern, Dirty & Fat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/OJD Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Peachfuzz Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/The Flat Eric Fan Club Has Its Perks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/This Resonates With Me Deeply.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Very Versitile Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bass/Wet Donk Scribbles.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Basses/Classic Organ Bass + Bonus Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Basses/Everybody Needs A 303, Really.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Basses/Moogaroo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Basses/Organ Hits Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Basses/The Beaches Of Bass Island 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Basses/Wavetable FM Slapper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bells/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Bells/Bell Labs.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/FX/8 Measure Noise & Comb Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/FX/Dissociating In An Abandoned Mall.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Guitars/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Guitars/Miles Of AM Radio.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Guitars/Mutant Lo-Fi Acoustic Guitar Workstation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Guitars/Mutant Lo-Fi Electric Guitar Workstation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/70s Sci-Fi String Ensemble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Bread & Butter Synth Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Cameron Vs. Carpenter IV.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Cracks In The Sky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Electro Steel Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Fascinated With SK Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Its $25 But You Gotta Haul It.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Japanese Suitcase.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Let's Start With An Accordian.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/New Wave Wordy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/So Wavey.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Solo String DX Stack.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/Symphonies Under My Fingertips.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/The Friendliest NPC.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Keys/The Housewives of Lofi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Leads/Brush Your Shoulders Off.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Leads/Funk Feedback Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Leads/Hi, Vince Clarke!.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Leads/Raving In The Tropics.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Leads/Scratchy Detuner.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Leads/The Fabulous Chippy FM West Coast Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Leads/Warehouse Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Accident Prone Robot Arm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Alias Washer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Bell Pads Are So 90s.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/City-State Of The Future.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Creamy Soap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Inertia Pad Sounds Like Alien Seagulls.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Jarre On Cassette.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Left Town Yesterday.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Let's Make Drone Music!.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Love Theme From Skinimax.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Not Another String Machine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Now I'm On A Cloud.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Pointillism.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Return To City-State Of The Future.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/She Loves You, Answer the Phone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Smeared Bell Engine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Stoney Baloney.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Sunrise Breakfast At The Digital Caf\303\251.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Too Huge For School.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Triumphant Wasteland.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Warm Silicon Gel.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/Wavetextures\342\204\242 Pro Kit.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Pads/What We Need Is Northern Leadership.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/808s & More.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/909ish Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/All Aboard The Pulse Train.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/Clapping Out An x0x.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/Closeout Sale @ Electro Percussion Warehouse.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/Deep Cut Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/Modern Electro Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/Nice Kicks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/S+H Clap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/Tasty Hats.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Percussion/Toms With Deep Secrets.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Plucks/No Frills Harp Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Plucks/Wooden Block Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Polysynths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Polysynths/1985 Called.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Polysynths/Chippy Polysynth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Polysynths/I'll Wait.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Polysynths/Mono & Poly Reverser.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Polysynths/Progressive House Like It's 2007.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Polysynths/Retrofuture Vibes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Polysynths/Tall Morning Shadows.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Sequences/Black Lights & Nitrous Balloons.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Sequences/Challenging Stage.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kinsey Dulcet/Sequences/Holy Emoji.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Arps/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Arps/Calc.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Arps/Chording.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Basses/Big Moog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Basses/Big.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Basses/Hoover.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Basses/Synchro.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Desperation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Discharge.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Hearing Voices.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Level 9.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Level Up.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Radio Putty.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Squadron.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Strange Flora.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Sudden Death MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Tensioning.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Voice Of I.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/FX/Vox Matrix.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Leads/I Said.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Leads/Mini.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Leads/Moogish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Leads/Next Move.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Leads/Rough Going.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Leads/Time Tourist.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Leads/Unstable.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Leads/You.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Organs/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Organs/Big Church.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Pads/After Warp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Pads/Giallo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Pads/Jammer AT.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Pads/Lullabye.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Pads/Nebulous.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Sequences/All In The Wrists.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Sequences/And Destroy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Sequences/Dancer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Sequences/Deconstruct.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Sequences/Naive.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Sequences/Netlon.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kuniklo/Sequences/Old Fog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Basses/FM Dubstep Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/FX/Audio Rating.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/FX/Technological Sine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Keys/Bitcrushed Dreams.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Keys/Winter Feelings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Leads/Harsh Memories.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Leads/High Meta.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Leads/Long Moments Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Leads/Normal Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Leads/Road To Ascend.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Leads/Sine Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Leads/Sounds Like it.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Leads/Undefined Encryption.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Pads/Neverending.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Plucks/Bandpass Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Plucks/Dreams And Sweets.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Plucks/Heavenly Abstractness.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Plucks/Kaefkesque Error.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Plucks/Lost In An Underground Paradise.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Plucks/Psychedelic Future.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Plucks/Uncertain Disclosure.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Rhythms/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Rhythms/Floating In A Rhythm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Kyurumi/Rhythms/Technological Escapings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/First Creation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/Intrication 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/Intrication 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/Intrication 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/Like Old Analog Gear 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/Like Old Analog Gear 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/Like Old Analog Gear 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/Nanowave (2 Oscs).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Keys/Nanowave (with Nimbus).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Foul Throat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Hopeful Surfer 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Hopeful Surfer 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Hydrasynth What 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Hydrasynth What 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Modulation Galore.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Thin Pulses 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Thin Pulses 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Unison Detuned 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Unison Detuned 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Unison Detuned 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Unison Swell 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Unison Swell 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Wandering Digits 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Wandering Digits 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Wandering Digits 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Washing The Podium 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Pads/Washing The Podium 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Landosonic/Plucks/Nanowave 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Basses/Bass Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Basses/Legato Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Basses/String Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Brass/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Brass/FM Horn.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Brass/French Horn Blip.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Brass/Miles Trumpet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Brass/Sad Subway Horn.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Brass/Soft FM horn.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Brass/Vintage Demonic Brass Ensemble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/Feedback Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/LP Bridge + Chorus.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/LP Bridge.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/Overdriven Guitar + Wah.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/Overdriven Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/Pedal Steel.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/Shrill Distorted Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/Stratus Clean.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Guitars/Stratus Overdriven.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/Acoustic Grand.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/Bell Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/Clavi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/DX Electric Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/EP + Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/Pulse Wave EP.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/Rhody EP.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/Soft Tine Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Keys/Wurly EP.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Leads/Screaming Octaves.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Leads/Snarling Cat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Leads/Theremin.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Organs/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Organs/Drawbar Organ 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Organs/Drawbar Organ 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Pads/Cathedral Bell Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Pads/Ghost Bell Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Pads/Hammered Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Pads/Pulse Wave & Filter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Pads/Warm Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Percussion/Filtered Noise Drums.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Percussion/Long Decay Toms.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Plucks/Guzhengish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Plucks/Koto.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Plucks/Pluck And Sing.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Strings/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Strings/Bowed String.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Strings/Cello.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Strings/Dark Cello.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Strings/Ensemble Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Strings/Erhu.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Strings/Hurdy Gurdy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Strings/Solo Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Vox/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Vox/Talking Synth (Adult).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Vox/Talking Synth (Alien).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Vox/Talking Synth (Child).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Vox/Talking Synth (Young Adult).fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Bass Ocarina.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Beer Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Dark Crystal Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Duduk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Glassy Wind.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Harmonica Overdrive.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Hollow Wind Tube.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Moon Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/LinnStrument MPE/Winds/Ocarina.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Atmospheres/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Atmospheres/Alias Digital Atmosphere.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Atmospheres/Alias Glass Voice 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Atmospheres/Alias Glass Voice 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Atmospheres/Alias Glass Voice 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Atmospheres/Pretty Fifth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Acid.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Acidic Warp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Alias Notch Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Basic Acid.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Better FM Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Chonky Analog Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Chonky Analog Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/FM Donk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Kinda Moogish Fifth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Notch Like FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/SK Acid.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Scorcher.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Screamy Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Slap Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Synthwave.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Vaguely Latelyish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Vocal Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Waveshaper Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Basses/Wide Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Bells/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Bells/Taco Bell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Bells/Tubular Bellsish But Less.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Bells/Tubular Bellsish But Zeroish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Bells/Tubular Bellsish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Bells/Twist Bell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Brass/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Brass/Analog Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Brass/Brassy Sync.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Brass/Fat Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Brass/Saw Difference Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Brass/Silly Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Brass/Wavetable Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Drums/Big Grimy Kick w Wobble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Drums/Big Kick w Wobble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Drums/Big Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Drums/NES Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Drums/Noise Snare 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Drums/Noise Snare 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Alias Data Reso.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Alias MSEG.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Alias Sync Digital Hell Portal.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Alien Search Drone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Ambience Noise.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Cuckoo Filters.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Filter Chaos 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Filter Chaos 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Knives & Forks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Paranoid Mumbling.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Wobbler Filthy 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Wobbler Filthy 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/FX/Wobbler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Guitars/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Guitars/Awful FM Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Guitars/Synth Guitarish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Alias Glass Piano 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Alias Glass Piano 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Alias Glass Piano 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Alias Piano Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Clavish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/DCO Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Electric Nightmares.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/FM Electric Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/FM Piano Stack.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Purple Castle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Rave Keys.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Ring Mod Saw Difference.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Keys/Vaguely Rhodesish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/96 Osc Supersaw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/96 Osc Violin.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Alias Supersaw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Alias Sync WTF Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Big Bright Bells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Big Brightness.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Gameboy Alias.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Gameboy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Genesis-y Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/JP8K Supersaw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Melody Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Moogy Staccato.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Paraphonic NL Bandpass Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Synchroniser.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/The Insects.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Leads/Tofu Delivery.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/Cinematic Glass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/Expressive Keys 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/Expressive Keys 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/Expressive Keys 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/FM Trumpet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/FM Twang 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/FM Twang 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/Lap Harp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/Paraphonic Cutoff Warp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/MPE/Unstable Warp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Organs/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Organs/Another Additive Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Organs/Leslied Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Pads/Chord Disintegrator.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Pads/Starfall.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Pads/String Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Plucks/Acidic Feedback Plonk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Plucks/Feedback Plonk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Plucks/Pulse String.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Plucks/Sine Drops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Rhythms/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Rhythms/Dejitaru no Yume.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Rhythms/Modern Silk Allpass S&H.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Rhythms/Paraphonic NL Bandpass S&H.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Rhythms/Portal Vibes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Sequences/10K Modular.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Sequences/Digital Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Sequences/Psychedelic Silver Box.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Strings/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Strings/Alias Syn Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Strings/Badly Sampled Game.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Strings/Somewhat Rather Silky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Strings/Synthier Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Alias Ambience Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Alias Ambience.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Alias Voice.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Basic DCO Polysynth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Big Brightness Pad Release.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Efficient Poly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Poly Dreams.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Sweet Dreams.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/The Future Starts With You.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Wavetable Warp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Luna/Synths/Window Warp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Basses/Bass Bloom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Basses/Concussion 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Basses/Concussion 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Basses/Jazz Man.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Basses/Mountains.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Basses/Pick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Basses/Picked Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Bells/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Bells/Bell Tap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Bells/Bell Tom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Bells/Bucket.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Bells/Impact.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Brass/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Brass/Clean Trumpet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Brass/Dirty Trumpet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Brass/Swell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Brass/Tan.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Brass/Tuba.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Brush.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Cymbals Edge.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Cymbals.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Gong.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Hi-Hat Loose.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Hi-Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Inharmonic Attack 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Inharmonic Attack 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Jerry.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Kick 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Kick 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Octaban.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Ride Heavy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Ride.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Snare Circus.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Snare Dry.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Snare Pure.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Splash 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Splash 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Tom 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Tom 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Tom Floor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Tom Tom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Drums/Tuning Drums.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/FX/Bird Chirp 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/FX/Bird Chirp 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/FX/Bird Chirp 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/FX/Car.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/FX/Sword Fight.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Guitars/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Guitars/Guitar 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Guitars/Guitar 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Guitars/Guitarish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Guitars/Half Acoustic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Guitars/Picky Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Guitars/Wah Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Keys/Blur.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Keys/Slur.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Keys/Soft Key.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Keys/Tango 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Keys/Tango 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Leads/Bird Song.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Leads/Ghost.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Leads/Joke.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Leads/Plus Minus.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Organs/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Organs/Air.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Organs/Chick 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Organs/Chick 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Organs/Churchlike.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Strings/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Strings/Chamber Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Strings/Short Staccato.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Strings/Solo Cello.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Strings/String Illusion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Winds/Bagpipes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Winds/Bass Clarinet 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Winds/Bass Clarinet 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Winds/Contrabassoon.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Malfunction/Winds/Rusty.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Arps/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Arps/Demon Power.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Agressor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Basted Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Black Betty.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Chicago.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/China Long.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Crash Attack.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Crazy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Deep Stack.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Dista Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Drunky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Dusty Road.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Dynamic Sawer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Electro Shock.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/FM Structure.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Fidget.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Fretless Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Grizzly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Hemera.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Hoover FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Juno Fire.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Key Station.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Morphine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Odionis.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Phantom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Plastic Dream.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Poolpad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Rubber Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Scrambler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Serious Step.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Shot Gun.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Slide Note.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Sortier.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Strange Frog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Strekoza.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Striply Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Strode Impulse.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Super Stap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Basses/Wooden Alien.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/FX/Noise Crash 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/FX/Noise Crash 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/FX/Pong Keys.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/FX/Soloid Hit.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/FX/Sweep Noise Out.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/FX/Sweep Noise Up-Down.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Angel Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Benassi Bros.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Blue Whale Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Brunto Chords.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Caspian Sea.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/China Dream.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Crackle Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Dream Plucks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Electro Cricket.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Marimba.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Modern FM Bells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Phone Drops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Keys/Popcorn 2K.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Leads/5th House.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Leads/Chicago Key.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Leads/Demon Here.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Leads/Huge Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Leads/Involved Crunch.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Leads/Modular.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Leads/Some Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Pads/Brass Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Pads/Nightmare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Pads/Purple Ocean.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Pads/Saw Sweeper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Pads/Scary Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Pads/Sorrowful.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Sequences/Brain Out.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Sequences/Dark Knight.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Splits/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Splits/Ana Bass Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Strings/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Strings/Orchestral Trombone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/Adrenaline.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/Dream Drops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/Forest Angels.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/Moon Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/Morrowind.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/Mystery Grotto.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/Pushing Ocean.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/Regressive Notes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Nick Moritz/Synths/Space Stranger.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Drones/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Drones/Lost In Electric Woods.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/FX/Singing Space Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/FX/Slow-mo Samurai.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Keys/Busted Echobox.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Keys/Kinda Fearless FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Keys/Something Clangy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Leads/Back To Tyrell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Leads/Bagpipes Plugged In.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Leads/Electric Leady Land.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Leads/Rubberband Fight.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Noisegeek/Plucks/Skyscraper Harp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Atmospheres/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Atmospheres/Ambient Duda.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Atmospheres/Surreal Craft.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Atmospheres/Texture 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Atmospheres/Texture 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Atmospheres/Texture 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Alternative.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Attack Chorus.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Barrell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Character.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Distort.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/EDM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Electronic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Experimental.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Expo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/FM Stalactite.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Industrial.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Metallic Electro.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Metallic FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/POP.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Phaser Modular.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Porta Dist.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Staccato.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Standard.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Tone Reso.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Basses/Trip Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Boom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Forma.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Horror.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Hroost.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Noise Combo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Noise Up.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Noise.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Perehod.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Pitch Model.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Rotor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/FX/Tour.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Keys/Destructive Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Keys/Gluckophone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Leads/Chill Duda.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Leads/Flute Designer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Leads/Panflute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Leads/Space Viola.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Leads/Tuba Cello.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Pads/Assistant.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Pads/Favor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Pads/Orc.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Pads/Sphere.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Pads/Texture Space.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Aiwa.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Aliance.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Clap Electro.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Cuprun.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Dark.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Etnic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Flanger Hat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Hat Electro.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Hat WT.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Herack.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Kick Body Model.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Kick Solar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Metal Percussion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Resonator.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Room AIW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Short Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Signal.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Surreal Percussion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Percussion/Technology.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Combination Yeah.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Eldorado.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Experiment Clock.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Hybrid String.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Neuro Mini.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Noise Make.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/PSY.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Pluck Control.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Suspession.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Symbiosis.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Tremor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Psiome Send Sound/Synths/Xylo Chill.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Basses/Abstract Wonder.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Basses/Bass Tuba.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Bells/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Bells/Bell Tower.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Bells/Clangy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/FX/Bird Chirps.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/FX/Deep Note.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/FX/Distant Droplet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Pads/Karplus Pulse.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Crash Clang.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Crash Trash.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Household Metallic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Kalimba Attempt.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Kick Clean.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Simple Click.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Simple Shaker.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Simple Stick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Thump Basses.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Thump Conga.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Percussion/Thump Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Plucks/Mixed Feelings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Plucks/Music Box.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Synths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rare Earth/Synths/Poly Drama.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Badass D'n'B Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Badass D'n'B Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Click Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Evil From The Deep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/FM Wob Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/God Gave Me Bad Acid.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Industry.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/LC Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Natural Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Nu Skool Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Nu Skool Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Tight FM Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Trance Seq Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Basses/Useful Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Bells/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Bells/Enchanted.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Bells/Hell's Bells.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Chords/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Chords/6 Osc Stab.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Chords/M25 Stab.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Chords/Old Skool Detroit Minor Stab.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/FX/Insectisoid.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/FX/Modularity.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/FX/Night Vision.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/FX/OOOOOoooooh Scary.....fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/FX/Pinhole.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/FX/She Cannae Take It.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Keys/Cute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Keys/DX Tonez.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Keys/Fairy Dust.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Keys/Real Ether.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Keys/Sunday Organist.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Keys/Sweet Child.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Leads/Dark Heart.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Leads/Delicious Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Leads/Far Away Places.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Leads/Fast Fingers.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Leads/He Never Lost His Hardcore.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Leads/Prog Rock Octave Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Leads/Tuff Enough .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Leads/Unisono MW AT.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Pads/Super Thick Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Pads/Symphonic Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Plucks/JP80x0 Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Rhythms/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Rhythms/Disco!.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Rhythms/Sync Alarm!.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Rozzer/Rhythms/Twisted.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/5th Harmonics.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Harmonic Blast.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Melodic Grains.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Ocean Shimmer 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Ocean Shimmer 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Shimmer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Signal Particles.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Simple Particles.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Wetness Particles 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Wetness Particles 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Atmospheres/Wetness Particles 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/5th Dirt.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Accident.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass FX 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass FX 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Guitar 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Guitar 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Guitar 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Guitar 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Guitar 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Guitar 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Guong 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Guong 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Bass Mulch.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Dirt Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Dusty Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Dusty Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Dystopian Tech.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Gigantic Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Gigantic Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Happy Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Happy Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Neuro Grease.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Perc Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Perc Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Predator Talking 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Predator Talking 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Rude Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Saw Wob.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Sub Perc.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Basses/Sub Talk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Bells/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Bells/Chime Melodies.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Hats 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Hats 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Kick Analog 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Kick Analog 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Kick Analog 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Kick Thumper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Kick Variety .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Shakers.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Snare 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Snare 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Snare 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Toms 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Toms 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Drums/Toms Electric.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Bacon Frying.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Bird Squawk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Chiller Bell FX.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Cyber Deep Stab 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Cyber Deep Stab 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Electrical Interference.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/FM Down.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/FM FX 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/FM FX 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/FM Riser.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Granular Stretches.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Night Life.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Random Bass FX.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Reverse Breath 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Reverse Breath 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Reverse Breath 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Scary.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Spirits Of Air 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Spirits Of Air 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Water Tank.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Wild Stab 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/FX/Wild Stab 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Guitars/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Guitars/Goodbye Rock.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Guitars/Shimmer Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Guitars/Strummed Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Keys/Aquatique.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Keys/Heavy Keys.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Keys/Holiday Chords.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Keys/Quick Steel Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Keys/Understated.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Leads/Clouds Ana Lead .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Leads/Grindy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Leads/Lost Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Leads/Machining.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Leads/Some Analog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Leads/Turnout.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Mallets/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Mallets/Kalimba Hang Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Mallets/Kalimba.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Mallets/Mallet Finally! 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Mallets/Mallet Finally! 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Pads/Choir Space .fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Pads/Deep Space.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Pads/Retro Smooth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Pads/Super Swell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Percussion/Another Perc Thing.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Percussion/Djembeish 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Percussion/Djembeish 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Percussion/Tribe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Percussion/Wind Chime.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Plucks/Classic Arp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Plucks/Little Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Rhythms/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Rhythms/Bellish Shape Shimmer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Rhythms/Choir For Tape.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Rhythms/Choir Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Rhythms/Machine Jam.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Rhythms/Massive Pad 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Rhythms/Massive Pad 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Rhythms/Particles For Chords.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Sequences/Bouncy Surge.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Sequences/Cars.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Sequences/Musical Pulses.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Sequences/Percussive Shuffle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Sequences/Percy Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Strings/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Strings/Tremolo Viola Section 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Strings/Tremolo Viola Section 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Synths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Synths/Bell Square 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Synths/Bell Square 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Synths/Texture Fractals.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Winds/Basseridoo 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Winds/Basseridoo 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Winds/Closeup Clarinet 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Winds/Closeup Clarinet 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Slowboat/Winds/Flutily.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Basses/Bass MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Basses/Body Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Basses/Evil Mono Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Basses/FM Bass Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Basses/Sequenced Psy Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Basses/Wet Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Leads/FM Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Leads/Hoove.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Leads/Naggy Bee Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Pads/Analog Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Pads/Cold Seq Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Pads/Out There.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Pads/Trance Pad 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Pads/Trance Pad 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Plucks/Playing With Filters.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Plucks/Techno Stab.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Plucks/Trance Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Plucks/VA Morph Wheel.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Stefan Singer/Plucks/Velo VA.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Basses/Abomination.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Basses/Analog Foundation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Basses/Artificial Intelligence.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Basses/Modern Solutions.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Basses/Rude Individual.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Basses/Vacuum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Bells/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Bells/Mystical Creature.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Chords/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Chords/Dust Mote.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Clap - Noise Layer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Hi-Hat - Phase Noise.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Kick - Ampere.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Kick - Arcade.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Kick - Bold Sine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Kick - Classic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Kick - In Your Face.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Kick - Transistor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Snare - Basic Drive.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Snare - Classic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Drums/Snare - Synthetic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/FX/Noisy Record.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Leads/Acid Gizmo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Aero.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Ambient Occlusion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Cryo Chamber.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Digital Domain.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/In Motion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Motion Picture.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Nebulae.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Negative Space.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Proudly Digital.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Reflections.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Pads/Translucent.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Percussion/Bovinae.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Percussion/Electro Rimshot.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Percussion/Synth Tom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Percussion/Zapped.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Plucks/Dream State.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Plucks/Ghost Notes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Plucks/Millennium.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Plucks/Retro Wave.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Plucks/Suppressor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Polysynths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Polysynths/Synth Basics.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Sequences/Mid Layer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Sequences/One Note IDM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Soundscapes/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Soundscapes/Andromeda.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Soundscapes/Chaos Theory.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Soundscapes/Memescape.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Vox/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/TNMG/Vox/Surge Synthesizer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Basses/AI's Revenge.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Basses/Dirty.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Basses/Electro.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Basses/Electronic Monster.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Basses/Saw-Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Basses/Squelchy Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Basses/Voltage Bees.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Basses/Waw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/FX/I Am Your Father.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/Agitated Fifths.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/Blue Lines, Red Lights 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/Blue Lines, Red Lights 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/Combulabug.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/Electric Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/Electronic Pipe.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/Half Broken Air Piano.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/So Appalled.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Keys/Viva La Trance.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/80s Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Beth's Breath.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Bouncing Octaves.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/CS-80.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Classic Warm Jupiters.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Digitally Analog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Filter Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Magic Madness.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Multi-Timbral.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/New Age.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/New Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Orion Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Thicc Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Triad Expert.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Pads/Under The Sea.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Plucks/Anjunabeats 2007.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Plucks/Play High Or Low.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Plucks/Super Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Plucks/Wooden Glass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Sequences/Acid Buzz.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Sequences/Chord Me.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Sequences/Sequenced Bass & Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vincent Zauhar/Winds/Another Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/808 Builder A.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/But Clean The DC.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/Capitalize On Older WTs.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/FM Frog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/Floored.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/Garage Depth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/I Can Kinda Be Chordish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/Low Problems.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/Morphable Donk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/Primitive Reese.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/RETRO HAKKOO.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Basses/Uuu-waaaa.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Chords/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Chords/Beautiful Nightmare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Chords/Bemasaw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Chords/If You Don't Need Me Then Let Me Go.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Chords/Simple Emotional Reeds.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Chords/VHS Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Chords/You Are Incompatible.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Drums/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Drums/Hakko Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Drums/Modular Drum.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Drums/Nice Clicks Perc.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Drums/Proper Kick.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Drums/Simple Snare.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/FX/Atonal Computers.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/FX/White Noise Flutter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/Beauty Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/EP Forest.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/EP Middle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/Found In A Closet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/Picked Driven Synth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/Spectacularly Simple Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/Starchild.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/The Softest.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Keys/Truly A Background.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Leads/Mystique Power.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Leads/Nice And Elegant Retro.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Leads/Open Retro Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Pads/CPU Hog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Pads/Hold A Lot Of Notes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Pads/Moving World.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Pads/Stillness In Time.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Plucks/Come Closer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Plucks/Flat Computer Marimba.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Plucks/Popcorn Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Sequences/Harmony Chords + Synth Top.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Sequences/Harmony Chords.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Sequences/Retrochords.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Sequences/Retrovictory.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Vospi/Sequences/Works As A Reesey String Motive.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Basses/Artificial Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Basses/Chimera.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Basses/Pocket Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Brass/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Brass/Cloud Horn.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Brass/Multifaced Ensemble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/FX/Broken Furbi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Leads/Granular Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Leads/Saturn Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Pads/Azure Sky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Pads/Biosphere.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Pads/Breeze.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Pads/Crystals.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Pads/Dial Chip.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Pads/Fireflies.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Pads/Planar Device.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Pads/Reflections.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Plucks/Cyan Sky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Sequences/Mechanical Child.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Sequences/Shroom Party.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Sequences/Shroom Sequence.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Sequences/Sluggish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Splits/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Xenofish/Splits/Dreamscape.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Atmospheres/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Atmospheres/Brain Stem.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Atmospheres/Chewsy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Atmospheres/Crossover.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Atmospheres/Dissonance.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Bibass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Black Hawk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Disabled.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Drill.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Elephant Shock.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Fizzy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Godfather.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Growl.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Hesitant.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Mindfunk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Open Up.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Pasty.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Quick 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Quick 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Rip Fat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Shuttle 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Shuttle 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Basses/Tired Double.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/FX/Arrival.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/FX/Braqo WT.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/FX/Raft.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/FX/Shortwave.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Keys/Clavish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Keys/Plaything.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Keys/Station.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Add Wind.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Ahead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Benny.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Bottlefly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Charmer Wah.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Charmer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Clingy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Conflict.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Current.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Expansion 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Expansion 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Fish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Flutter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Frontal.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Gurgle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Higher.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Iceover.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/In The Water.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Meltdown.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Modified.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Modrops 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Modrops 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Mute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Neustation.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Partite.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Quickspit.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Seesaw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Segur.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Spacious.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Streetsweeper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Swamp 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Swamp 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Tragic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Triumph.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Twitter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Unleaded.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Unstable.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Leads/Wave Bye.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Pads/Coldness 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Pads/Coldness 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Pads/Coldness 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Pads/Oncoming.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Plucks/Boing 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Plucks/Boing 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Plucks/Conjurer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Plucks/Icy Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Plucks/Suffer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Plucks/Wall Eye.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Rhythms/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Rhythms/Goose.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Rhythms/Intruder.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Rhythms/Jumper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Rhythms/Lazy Motion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Rhythms/Nightcrawler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Rhythms/Ventricle 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Rhythms/Ventricle 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/Glow 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/Glow 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/Harshness.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/Jimson.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/Plectrum 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/Plectrum 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/Starfield.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/Static.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Soundscapes/Warble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Splits/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Splits/Hilo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Vox/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Vox/Hell Choir 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Vox/Hell Choir 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Vox/Munchkin 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Vox/Munchkin 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Vox/Munchkin 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Vox/Release Me.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_3rdparty/Zoozither/Vox/Whisper.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Attacky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Bass 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Bass 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Bass 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Behemoth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Crush Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Deep End.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Digibass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Dist Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Dist Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Distorted Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Distorted FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Distorted MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Doomsday.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/E-Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Eighties Drone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Evilous.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/FM Bass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/FM Bass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/FM Bass 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/FM Bass 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/FM Bass 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/FM Bass 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/FM Combo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/FM Slap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Fingered.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Helmeto.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Lord Sawtooth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Mellow.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Metal Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Mmm... Pointy!.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Piano Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Plain.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Ring Mayhem.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Rubber Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Rumble.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Saw Lo-Fi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Schnell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Slow.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Smoothie.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Square Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Squared.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Stable.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Static 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Static 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Stone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Sub 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Sub 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Sub 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Sub 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Sub Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Tacky 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Tacky 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Theme.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/WT Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Wide Bassline.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Basses/Width.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/Brassy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/Buggy Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/Crisp Noise Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/JX-10 Double Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/OB-8 Jump.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/Plastic Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/Reso Brassy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/Synth Brass 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/Synth Brass 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/Synth Brass 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Brass/Toto Brass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Chords/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Chords/Inharmonic Stab.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Chords/Maj-Min Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Chords/Maj-Min Stab.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Chords/Major 7 MkI.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Chords/Major 7 MkII.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Chords/Minor 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Chords/Minor Chord Retro Stab.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Chords/Tek Stab.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Aggero.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Alarm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Aliens.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Bork.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Busy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Chaotry.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Crackling.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/DTMF.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Damage Dealer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Die-ie-ie.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Dishonest.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Evil Sucker Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Fireworks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Fry's Holophoner.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Geiger.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Harm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Health Care.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Metal Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Radio Noise.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Rather Low.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Space Adventure 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Space Adventure 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Space Cadet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Spooky Fish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Unsettler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/FX/Vinyl.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Artificial 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Artificial 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Church.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Circus 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Circus 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/DX EP.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Digi Harpsi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Dirt.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/EP 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/EP 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Experiment.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/House Organ.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Organ 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Organ 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Organ 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Keys/Soft Suitcase.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Acidofil.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Agroculture.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Asymptote.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Bad Childhood.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Banjo Remains.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Banter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Bee.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Bitten.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Boll.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Broken One.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Butter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Caveman.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Cell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Chatter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Classic Lead 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Classic Lead 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Classical.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Clean Shit.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Condom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Cottage.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Cray.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Crisp PWM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/DNA Sequencer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Digi It.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Digi Portalead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Distortionworks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Dome.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Duck and Cover.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Eight.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Etwas.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/FM Is Growing On Me.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/FM Rock.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Fairy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Flawed Science.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Fluff.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Formant Pulse.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Fuji.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Fundament.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Fyllo Dual.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Gallium Arsenic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Generic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Gliss Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Harsh.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Harsher.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Hippo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Hof.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/In The Distance.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Kilkenny.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Koala 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Koala 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Kurasu.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Labcoat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Later.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Legoland.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Lera.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Light.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Log Log.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Long Stocking.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Markov.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Moogy Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Mosquito.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Motion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Mundane.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Nastyfication.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Not Nearly As Harsh.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Octave Dodger.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Oldest Trick In The Book MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Organ Donor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Owl.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Panda.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Pet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Phase Pass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Photon.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Play Nice.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Probability.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Qealchee.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Quick Basic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Quirp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Quiz.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Radon.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Resofest 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Resofest 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Resofest 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Resofest 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Riemann.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Rough.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Rundfunk Funk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Saw Octaves.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Scooped.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Scream Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Screamer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Screamy Verby.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Semi-clip.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Serial.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Shanai.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Sharpish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Sheep Clothing MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Simple ATC.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Simpler Times.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Sine Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Sine-Saw Acidish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Smoothness World Cup.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Smoothy Hollow.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Somewhere MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Squelch.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Squiggly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Stepmother.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Sweepy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Sync Harmonics.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Sync Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Synth Guitar 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Synth Guitar 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Talky 1 MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Talky 2 MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Tank Top.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Tight Bassline.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Tok.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Tolk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Triple.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Turbo Solo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Turbo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Untamed.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Up Down.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Very Chorus.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Violini Solo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Vocal Lead.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/WG 01.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Wombat.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/Zero Zero One.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Leads/\302\265computer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/Baritonosaurus Saxus.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/Bloom.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/Coteaux du Giennois.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/Lead With A Bell Attack.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/Moving Day In The Caves.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/Pad Plink 'n' Move.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/Sticky.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/The Elephant Told You.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/MPE/The Shoebox.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Alias Pornography.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Assymetry.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Bell Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Bells and Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Bright.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Burden.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Canadians.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Choir Pad Thing.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Chowning.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Communication.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Computers In Space.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Death To Gator.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Distant.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Distorted Choir 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Distorted Choir 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Endgame.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/FM Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Flux Capacitor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Formants MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Ghost Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Gliss Movement.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Growth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Harmonic Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Harsh Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Hmm....fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Legacy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Louder.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/MKS-70 Warm Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/MW Pulsating.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Moody Statement.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Newton Was Evil.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Ooh.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Pad 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Pad 2 MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Pad 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Pad 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Pad 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Pad 6.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Pad 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Pad 8.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Primes.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Retro Choir.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Ringing.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Robochoir 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Robochoir 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Safety.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Sawteeth.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Semiconductor.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Semihaunt.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Smooth Dist.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Sparkly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Sprinkly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Still.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Stretch.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Subtle Comb Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Sunday.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Super.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Synth Choir MW O-Ah.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Verb Pad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Well.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Winter Warmer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Worried.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Xbox 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Xbox 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Pads/Yeti Funeral.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/Drum One.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/Kick 909ish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/Kick Tech 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/Kick Tech 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/Snare Tight.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/Synth Tom 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/Synth Tom 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/Synth Tom 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Percussion/Verber.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/80s Gliss.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/ACME.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Agropop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Ambient E-Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Artificial.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Asymmetry.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Battered Beauty.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Bell 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Bell 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Belle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Bite.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Blekinge.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Brut de Bollebygd.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/CLRKSWRD.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Clean.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Comb Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Convex.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Cuto.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Delay Dancer.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Delay Pops 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Delay Pops 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Delay Pops 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Delay Pops 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Delay Pops 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Diamonds.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/E-Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/East.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Enhanced Forest.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/FM Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/FM Poops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Falling Down.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Fantasy Bell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Fluortant.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Fog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Forever.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Freedom Fries.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Friendly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Frog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Gliss Pluck Distorted.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Gliss Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Good Childhood.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Half FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Happy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Harmonics 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Harmonics 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Hasselhoff.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Hybrid 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Hybrid 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Icebreaker.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Late Fall.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Light 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Light 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Lighter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Lil' Exploders.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Lo-Fi Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/MW Morph.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Magic Music Box.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Magical Guitar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Man Machine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Messy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Metallic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Mol.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Mollusk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Mr. Sparkle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Mystic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Nice Pluck 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Nice Pluck 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Nice Pluck 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Nice Pluck 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Nice Pluck 5.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Nolla.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Norrland.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Piano Remains 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Piano Remains 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Pie.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Pinkerton Tinfurter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Pol Pot.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Pulsar.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Pulsii.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Pure Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Retrofit.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Reverend B.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Rutherford Menskin MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Saw Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Scrape Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Sharpness.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Simple PW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Simple Waveguide.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Sinus Verby Pops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Snap.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Soft Space Oboe Pops.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Soft Sync Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Soift.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Spell.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Square Blinks.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Square Pop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Sync Echo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Sync Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Sync Square Pluck.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/That Comb Magic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/The 1980s.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Thingamajob.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Tinker.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Trancy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Ultra Violet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/VHS Soundtrack.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Wire MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Wire.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/Woody.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Plucks/You Fairy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/1804.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Ahh Polly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Analyse.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Anthemish 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Anthemish 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Anthemish 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Bolibompa.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Boss.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Call.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Concave.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Dirty Hole.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Disturbing Resonance.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Embarrass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Eyan.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/FM Poly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Failure.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Fast Poly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Fat Curtis.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Filter Mod.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Filter Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Fonk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Formant Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Fun With Feedback.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Gentle.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Havoc.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Hombre.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Hugeness.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Instant Coffee PWM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Japanese Space-ulation Wheel.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Japanese Unison.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Jim.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Juno-60 Strings.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Jupiter-8.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Keep 'em Coming.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Korg Triton.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Larger.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Licht.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/MG.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/MacLaurin.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Mega Mega.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Megasynth 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Megasynth 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Megasynth 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Megasynth 4.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Melon.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Messy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Metal Chonk.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Noise Tone.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Notched Saws.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Oberheim Dreams.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Oiro.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Ol' Sampler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Old Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Oldie.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/PPG Choir.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/PPG Dreams.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/PWM Avenger.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Past Tense.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Phasey.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Play Louder.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Ploppy.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Poly Ahhs.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Poly Lala.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Polymoog.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Prophet VS.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Quantization Choice.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Quasi.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Quote.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Ralph.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Reset.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Retrofit.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Retrograde.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Rez.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Ring Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Ringo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Ruler.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Rusty.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Separate Ways.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Serious Distortion.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Shenanigans.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Simplistic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Sine Saw 7.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Sine Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Sizzling Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Skatteverket.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Slow Poly MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Smooth Stabs.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Space FM.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Spacematron.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Spik.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Step Portamento.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Super Jupiter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Taikonaut.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Tarnce.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Thynchronization.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Uni 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Uni 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Uni Saw FB.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Vel 2 Cutoff.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Violini Poly.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Waver.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Xpander 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Xpander 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Polysynths/Zizzly Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Acid Seq 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Acid Seq 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Acid Seq 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Barrelish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Bell Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Bit Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Burial Ground.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Calm.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Comb Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Damn Aliens.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Distorted Glassy Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Evilish.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/FB Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/FM Motion Sweep.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/FM Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Fifth Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Filter Buildup.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Fold Sseq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Game On 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Game On 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Game On 3.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Gate Chord.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Hovercar Championship.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/I Want To Get Well.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Madness.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Multi Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Noise Bass.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Noise Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Octave Arp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/One Key Wonder.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Phase 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Phase 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Retrig Me.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/S&H Classic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Seq 1234.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Sine Sequencer 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Step Phaser.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Sync Accident.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Sync Arp.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Table Seq.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Tyskland.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Wabbit MW.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/Wavesequence 01.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Sequences/When Good Combs Go Bad.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Splits/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Splits/Bass+Drums.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Splits/Future Split.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Splits/Game On 4 MW Split.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Splits/Sine Sequencer 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Splits/Split Personality.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Audio In Left Osc 1 + Right Osc 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Audio In Left Scene A + Right Scene B.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Audio In Mono Osc 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Audio In Stereo Osc 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Duophonic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Env Per Osc.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Experimental.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init FM2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Karplus-Strong.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Modern.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Paraphonic.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Saw.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Sine.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Square.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Templates/Init Wavetable.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/01 A Simple Formula.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/02 Interacting With LFO Parameters.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/03 The Init Function And State.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/04 Vector Valued Formulae.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/05 The Envelope And Its Parameters.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/06 Macros And Voice Parameters.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/07 The Prelude.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/08 Quis Modulatiet Ipsos Modulates.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/09 Example - Crossfading Oscillators.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/10 Example - Both Time And Space.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/11 Example - Reich - Piano Phase.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/12 A Slew Limiter.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Tutorials/Formula Modulator/13 Duophony.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Vocoder/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Vocoder/Noise.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Vocoder/Pop.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Vocoder/Solo.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Winds/
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Winds/Clarinet.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Winds/Cyber Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Winds/Dreamy Flute.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Winds/Fake Ethno.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Winds/Flute 1.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Winds/Flute 2.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Winds/Low.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/patches_factory/Winds/Tragic Winds.fxp
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/01 Intro to Skins.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/01 Intro to Skins.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/02 Changing Images and Colors.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/02 Changing Images and Colors.surge-skin/SVG/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/02 Changing Images and Colors.surge-skin/SVG/AnotherHorizHandle.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/02 Changing Images and Colors.surge-skin/SVG/NewHorizHandle.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/02 Changing Images and Colors.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00113.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/02 Changing Images and Colors.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/03 Moving Your First Control.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/03 Moving Your First Control.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/04 Control Classes and User Controls.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/04 Control Classes and User Controls.surge-skin/SVG/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/04 Control Classes and User Controls.surge-skin/SVG/AnotherHorizHandle.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/04 Control Classes and User Controls.surge-skin/SVG/FunTray.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/04 Control Classes and User Controls.surge-skin/SVG/NewHorizHandle.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/04 Control Classes and User Controls.surge-skin/SVG/loudPrevNext.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/04 Control Classes and User Controls.surge-skin/SVG/loudPrevNextHover.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/04 Control Classes and User Controls.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/05 Labels And Modulators.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/05 Labels And Modulators.surge-skin/SVG/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/05 Labels And Modulators.surge-skin/SVG/ramen.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/05 Labels And Modulators.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/fracbg_100.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/fracbg_125.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/fracbg_150.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/fracbg_200.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/fracbg_250.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/fracbg_300.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/fracbg_400.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/horiz_handles_100.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/horiz_handles_200.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/horiz_handles_400.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/PNG/scene_selector.png
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/06 Using PNG.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/07 The FX Section.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/07 The FX Section.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/08 Hiding Controls.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/08 Hiding Controls.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/09 Skin Version 2 Expansion.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/09 Skin Version 2 Expansion.surge-skin/SVG/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/09 Skin Version 2 Expansion.surge-skin/SVG/BigFilterGlyph.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/09 Skin Version 2 Expansion.surge-skin/SVG/BigFilterGlyphHover.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/09 Skin Version 2 Expansion.surge-skin/SVG/widerFilterBG.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/09 Skin Version 2 Expansion.surge-skin/SVG/widerFilterBGHover.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/09 Skin Version 2 Expansion.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/10 Adding Fonts.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/10 Adding Fonts.surge-skin/fonts/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/10 Adding Fonts.surge-skin/fonts/Lobster-Regular.ttf
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/10 Adding Fonts.surge-skin/fonts/Mrs Beasley.ttf
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/10 Adding Fonts.surge-skin/fonts/PlayfairDisplay.ttf
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/10 Adding Fonts.surge-skin/fonts/README.md
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/10 Adding Fonts.surge-skin/fonts/UglyTypist.ttf
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/Tutorials/10 Adding Fonts.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00102.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00105.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00112.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00113.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00114.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00117.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00118.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00119.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00120.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00121.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00122.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00123.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00125.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00126.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00132.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00134.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00137.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00140.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00143.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00144.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00145.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00146.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00148.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00149.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00151.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00152.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00153.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00154.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00157.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00158.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00160.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00161.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00162.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00164.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00166.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00167.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00168.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00169.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00170.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00171.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00172.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00173.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00174.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00175.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00176.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00177.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00178.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00179.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00181.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00182.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00183.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00184.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00185.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00186.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00187.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00189.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00190.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00191.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00301.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00302.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00303.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00304.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00305.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00306.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmp00307.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmpTS00153.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/bmpTS00157.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00112.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00113.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00114.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00117.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00118.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00119.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00120.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00121.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00122.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00123.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00125.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00126.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00132.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00134.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00140.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00143.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00144.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00145.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00146.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00148.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00149.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00151.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00152.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00153.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00157.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00160.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00161.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00162.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00164.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00166.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00167.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00168.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00169.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00171.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00172.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00173.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00174.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00175.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00176.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00177.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00178.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00183.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00184.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00189.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00190.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00191.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00302.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00303.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00304.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00305.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00306.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hover00307.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00112.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00113.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00114.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00117.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00118.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00120.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00122.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00123.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00143.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00144.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00146.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00151.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00161.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00162.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00166.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00302.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00305.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hoverOn00307.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hslider_def.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hslider_def_hover.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hslider_def_ts.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hslider_mod.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hslider_mod_hover.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/hslider_mod_ts.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/vslider_mod.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/vslider_mod_hover.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/SVG/vslider_mod_ts.svg
usr/share/surge-xt/skins/dark-mode.surge-skin/skin.xml
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Documentation.txt
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/689.362 ED2-47 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/690.000 ED2-40 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/690.909 ED2-33 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/692.308 ED2-26 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/693.333 ED2-45 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/693.750 ED2-64 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/694.737 ED2-19 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/695.652 ED2-69 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/696.000 ED2-50 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/696.774 ED2-31 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/697.674 ED2-43 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/698.182 ED2-55 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/698.507 ED2-67 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/701.538 ED2-65 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/701.887 ED2-53 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/702.439 ED2-41 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/702.857 ED2-70 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/703.448 ED2-29 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/704.348 ED2-46 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/704.762 ED2-63 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/705.882 ED2-17 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/707.143 ED2-56 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/707.692 ED2-39 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/708.197 ED2-61 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/709.091 ED2-22 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/709.859 ED2-71 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/710.204 ED2-49 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/711.111 ED2-27 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/711.864 ED2-59 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/712.500 ED2-32 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/713.514 ED2-37 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/714.286 ED2-42 ELT-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/A collection of Equal Linear-Temperaments 17-71 - Notes.pdf
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71.pdf
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/Halberstadt 60-440-69.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/Equal Linear Temperaments 17-71/Pythagorean 12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/60-262-60 Concert C.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/61-277-61 Concert C#, Db.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/62-294-62 Concert D.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/63-311-63 Concert D#, Eb.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/64-330-64 Concert E.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/65-349-65 Concert F.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/66-370-66 Concert F#, Gb.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/67-392-67 Concert G.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/68-415-68 Concert G#, Ab.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/69-440-69 Concert A.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/70-466-70 Concert A#, Bb.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/71-494-71 Concert B.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/Halberstadt 60-440-69.kbm
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/KBM Concert Pitch/KBM Notes.txt
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/12 Tone Equal Temperament.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/35.1 CET - Wendy Carlos - Gamma.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/63.8 CET - Wendy Carlos - Beta.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/78.0 CET - Wendy Carlos - Alpha.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/88.0 CET - Gary Morrison.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/Bohlen-Pierce.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-05.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-06.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-07.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-08.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-09.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-10.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-11.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-13.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-14.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-15.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-16.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-17.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-18.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-19.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-20.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-21.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-22.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-23.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-24.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-25.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-26.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-27.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-28.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-29.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-30.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED2-31.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-07.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-08.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-09.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-10.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-11.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-13.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-14.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-15.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-16.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-17.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-18.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-19.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-20.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-21.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-22.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-23.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-24.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-25.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-26.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED3-27.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-09.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-11.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-13.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-15.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-17.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-19.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-21.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-23.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-25.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-27.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-29.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-31.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-33.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-35.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-37.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-39.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/ED4-41.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 04-08.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 05-10.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 06-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 07-14.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 08-16.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 09-18.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 10-20.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 11-22.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 12-24.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 13-26.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 14-28.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 15-30.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD2 16-32.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 04-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 05-15.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 06-18.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 07-21.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 08-24.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 09-27.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 10-30.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 11-33.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 12-36.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 13-39.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 14-42.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 15-45.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD3 16-48.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 04-16.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 05-20.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 06-24.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 07-28.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 08-32.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 09-36.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 10-40.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 11-44.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 12-48.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 13-52.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 14-56.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 15-60.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/HD4 16-64.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 08-04.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 10-05.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 12-06.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 14-07.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 16-08.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 18-09.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 20-10.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 22-11.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 24-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 26-13.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 28-14.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 30-15.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD2 32-16.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 12-04.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 15-05.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 18-06.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 21-07.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 24-08.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 27-09.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 30-10.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 33-11.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 36-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 39-13.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 42-14.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 45-15.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD3 48-16.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 16-04.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 20-05.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 24-06.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 28-07.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 32-08.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 36-09.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 40-10.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 44-11.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 48-12.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 52-13.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 56-14.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 60-15.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/tuning_library/SCL/SD4 64-16.scl
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Sine HQ.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Sine Octaves HQ.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Sine Octaves.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Sine To Sawtooth HQ.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Sine To Sawtooth.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Sine To Square HQ.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Sine To Square.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Sine.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Tri-Saw HQ.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Tri-Saw.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Triangle HQ.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Triangle NES.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Basic/Triangle.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Circle.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Cosine Inverse Power.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Cosine Octaves.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Cosine.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Emphasis.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Flangy.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Formants.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Impulse.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Multi Bandpass Sweep.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Noise.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/PM Comp.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/PM Freq.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/PM16x.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/PWM.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Phasey 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Phasey 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Primes.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Pulse Synced 25%.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Pulse Synced 50%.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Pulse Windowed.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Ripple.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Saw ATC.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Saw Asymmetric.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Saw CS-80.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Saw Detuned.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Saw Havoc.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Saw Primary.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Saw Sync.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sawtooth Reso.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sawtooth Window.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Several Formants.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine FB.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine FM 2x HQ.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine FM 2x.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine FM 3x HQ.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine FM 3x.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Half HQ.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Half.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Inverse Power HQ.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Inverse Power.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine One Harmonic.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine PD HQ.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine PD.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Power HQ.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Power.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Quantitized 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Quantitized 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Quantitized 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Sync Windowed.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Two Harmonics.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Windowed FM.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Windowed HQ.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Windowed Octaves.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Windowed Primes.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sine Windowed.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Square ATC.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Square Windowed HQ.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Square Windowed.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Sweepy.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Triangle Primary.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Generated/Triangle Sine Shape.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Oneshot/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Oneshot/Blip 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Oneshot/Blip 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Oneshot/Blip 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Oneshot/Pulse.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Bata.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Bells.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Bloop.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Computer 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Computer 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Computer 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Drumbeat 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Drumbeat 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Laser.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Rim.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Scrape.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Sparkly 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Sparkly 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Sparkly 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Sprinkles 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Sprinkles 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Rhythmic/Wool Bow.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Banjo 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Banjo 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Cello.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Choir Formant.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Cluster.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Digi Organ 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Digi Organ 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Glissy.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Guitar Acoustic 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Guitar Acoustic 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Guitar Electric 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Guitar Electric 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Guitar High.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Guitar Mid.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Guitar Steel.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Guitar.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Harp 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Harp 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Harpsi.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Koto 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Koto 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Koto 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Mallets 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Mallets 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Mod Perc.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Music Box 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Music Box 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Mystic.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/New Bell.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Piano 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Piano 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Piano Dark.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Piano Low.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Pizz 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Pizz 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Vocal Ah 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Vocal Ah 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Vocal Choir 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Vocal Choir 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Vocal O Formant 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Vocal O Formant 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Vocal O.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Sampled/Wonky.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/WT fileformat.txt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/B3Waves.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/BELLTR.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/BELTREE2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Beat.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/CARDBORD.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/CELLIH1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/CELLIPG.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/CELO.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Chaosweep.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Chorus 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/DIGDU.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/DRAIN.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/DXBASS.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Diff. MKs.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/ELECTRIC.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/FMBell WM.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/FMGlock.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/FMP.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/FMT Pulse.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/FORMsaw2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Fmt Saw 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Hype    P.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/JSMITH.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Jamming.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/KlingKlan.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/MW E-Pian.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Male AhPG.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Ord. FM.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Organs.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/PrfctPWM.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/RACHEL.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/SLAPE2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/STRHMX.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Saw Arp.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/SawOctave.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/SoftSync.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/SomeOrgan.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/StringHit.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/TS.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/TSITAR3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/Tubular.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/VeryHi WM.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/ViceVersa.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/WATER4.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/WETFONE.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/microwave1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/microwave4.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/mw1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/sine swee.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/vs1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables/Waldorf/vs2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Harmonic11.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Harmonic13.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Harmonic15.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Harmonic2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Harmonic3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Harmonic5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Harmonic7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Harmonic9.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Sine Asym.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust PD/Sine Sym.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 10.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 8.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Crust Wave/Crust Wave 9.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Droplet/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Droplet/Droplet 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Droplet/Droplet 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Droplet/Droplet 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Droplet/Droplet 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Droplet/Droplet 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Exocat's Metalodon/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Exocat's Metalodon/Exocat's Metalodon 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Exocat's Metalodon/Exocat's Metalodon 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Exocat's Metalodon/Exocat's Metalodon 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Exocat's Metalodon/Exocat's Metalodon 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Exocat's Metalodon/Exocat's Metalodon 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/No Coast/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/No Coast/No Coast 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/No Coast/No Coast 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 10.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 8.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/SpectRat/SpectRat 9.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Tape Wave/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Tape Wave/Tape Wave 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Tape Wave/Tape Wave 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/A.Liv/Tape Wave/Tape Wave 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 1.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 10.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 11.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 12.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 13.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 14.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 15.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 16.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 17.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 18.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 19.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 2.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 20.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 21.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 22.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 23.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 24.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 25.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 26.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 27.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 28.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 3.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 4.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 5.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 6.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 7.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 8.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Damon Armani/Damon Armani 9.WT
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/STAC French Horn.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/STAC Tenor Trombone Splat.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/STAC Tenor Trombone.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/STAC Trombone Soft.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/STAC Trombone Splat.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/STAC Trumpet Loud.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/STAC Trumpet.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/STAC Tuba Soft.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/STAC Tuba.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS French Horn Loud.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS French Horn Mute.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS French Horn.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Tenor Trombone Loud.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Tenor Trombone.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Trombone Buzzy.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Trombone Fall.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Trumpet Harmon Mute.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Trumpet Loud.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Trumpet Pierce.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Trumpet Straight Mute 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Trumpet Straight Mute 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Trumpet.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Tuba Funky.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Tuba Loud.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Brass/SUS Tuba.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Organ Open.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Organ Pedal Quiet.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Organ Pedal.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Organ Quiet 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Organ Quiet 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Organ Quiet Dirty.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Upright Piano Dirty.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Upright Piano Loud 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Upright Piano Loud 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Upright Piano Medium Dirty.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Upright Piano Medium Hard.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Upright Piano Medium.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Upright Piano Noisy.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Keys/Upright Piano Soft.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Brick Scrape.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Bubbles Low.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Conga.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Cowbell.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Glass Break.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Hammered.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Metal.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Scatter.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Tambourine.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Timpani.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/ENV Zap.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Chains Low.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Cymbal Oscillator.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Drum Rubber.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Gongy.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Log Drum Sine.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Metal Mush.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Metal.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Scrambled Tambourine.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Snare.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Misc/SUS Xylo Pad.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/DR Kick Loud.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/DR Kick Soft.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/DR Log Drum.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/DR Snare.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/FX Bubbles.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/FX Glass Shatter.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/FX Metal Hit.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/Flute 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/Flute 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/French Horn.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/PR Cowbell.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/PR Tambourine.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/PR Triangle Long.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/PR Triangle Short.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/Trombone Fall.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/Trombone.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Oneshot/Trumpet.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/PIZZ Bass Low.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/PIZZ Bass Soft.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/PIZZ Cello Soft 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/PIZZ Cello Soft 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/PIZZ Viola.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/PIZZ Violin High.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/PIZZ Violin Section.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/PIZZ Violin.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/Pluck Harp Low.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/Pluck Harp.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SPIC Bass 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SPIC Bass 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SPIC Viola.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SPIC Violin.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Bass Low.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Bass Noise.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Bass Trem 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Bass Trem 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Cello Vibrato High.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Cello Vibrato.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Cello.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Harp High.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Harp.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Violin High.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Violin Low.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Violin Trem.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/String/SUS Violin.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Bassoon High.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Bassoon.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Clarinet High.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Clarinet Low.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Flute Dirty.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Flute High.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Flute Pierce.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Oboe Short.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Oboe.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Piccolo 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/STAC Piccolo 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Bassoon High 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Bassoon High 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Bassoon Low.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Bassoon.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Clarinet High Reedy.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Clarinet High.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Clarinet.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Flute High 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Flute High 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Flute High Pierce.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Flute Key.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Flute Soft.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Flute.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Oboe High 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Oboe High 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Oboe Jittery.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Oboe Wobbly.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Oboe.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu VSCO/Woodwinds/SUS Piccolo.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Chippy.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/ENV Melting Organ.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/FM 2 Loop.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/FM 4 Loop.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/FM 4 Pluck.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/FM Pal.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Flute Bad.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Ghostly Voices.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Gorb.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Honkey Tonk.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Kick Cycles.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Sax Slax.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Sax Wonk.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Super Chippy.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Thick Frames.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Vocal Mulch.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Experiments/Warble.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Captured Chord.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Noise Brown.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Noise Garble.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Noise Pink.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Noise Sweep.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Sine Buff.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Sine Gorb.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Sine Interest.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Sine Ring.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Square And Back Again.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Tri Diode Clip.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/Tri Distort.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/env Sine Boop.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Digital Simple/env Soft Saw.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Oneshot/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Oneshot/Bass.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Oneshot/EP.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Oneshot/FM Attack 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Oneshot/FM Attack 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Oneshot/FM Attack 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Oneshot/Poor Lil Guy.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Oneshot/Yeehaw.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Percussion/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Percussion/ENV Bowbell Banjo.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Percussion/ENV China Cymbal.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Percussion/ENV E Piano.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Percussion/ENV Room Kick.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Percussion/ENV Room Snare 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Percussion/ENV Room Snare 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Percussion/ENV Snare Drum.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Vintage Synths/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Vintage Synths/ENV FM EP.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Vintage Synths/ENV Solid Fish.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Vintage Synths/FM2000 Lunar.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Vintage Synths/FM2000 Organ.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Vintage Synths/FM2000 Otherworld.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Vintage Synths/FM2000 Stardrop.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Vintage Synths/FM2000 String.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Vintage Synths/Pink Elephant.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Actual Donkey.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Boogie.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Donkeys.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Fuzzy Lah.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Fuzzy.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Kitten 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Kitten 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Kitten 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/LOL.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Oh No.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Shuddup 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Shuddup 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Trashion.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Emu/Voices And Animals/Yoobee.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 10.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 11.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 12.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 13.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 14.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 15.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 16.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 17.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 18.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 19.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 20.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 21.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 22.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 23.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 24.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 25.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 26.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 27.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 28.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 29.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 30.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 31.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 32.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 33.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 4.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 5.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 6.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 7.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 8.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Morphs/Morph 9.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 10.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 11.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 12.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 13.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 14.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 15.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 16.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 17.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 18.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 19.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 20.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 21.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 22.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 23.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 24.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 25.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 26.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 27.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 28.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 29.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 30.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 31.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 32.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 4.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 5.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 6.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 7.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 8.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Organ/Organ 9.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 10.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 11.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 12.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 13.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 14.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 15.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 16.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 17.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 18.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 19.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 20.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 21.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 22.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 23.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 24.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 25.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 26.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 27.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 28.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 29.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 30.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 31.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 32.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 33.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 4.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 5.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 6.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 7.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 8.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/PPG/PPG 9.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 1.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 10.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 11.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 12.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 13.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 14.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 15.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 16.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 17.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 18.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 19.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 2.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 20.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 21.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 22.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 23.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 24.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 25.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 26.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 27.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 28.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 29.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 3.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 30.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 31.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 32.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 4.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 5.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 6.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 7.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 8.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Layzer/Vocal/Vocal 9.wt
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Breaks/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Breaks/Breaks 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Breaks/Breaks 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Breaks/Breaks 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Breaks/Breaks 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Breaks/Breaks 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Breaks/Breaks 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Breaks/Breaks Info.pdf
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Combs/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Combs/Combs 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Combs/Combs 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Combs/Combs 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Combs/Combs 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Combs/Combs 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Combs/Noisy Comb.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/FM/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/FM/FM 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/FM/FM 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/FM/FM 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/FM/FM 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/FM/FM 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/FM/FM 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/FM/FM 7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/FM/FM 8.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Filtering/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Filtering/Filtering 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Filtering/Filtering 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Filtering/Filtering 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Filtering/Filtering 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Filtering/Filtering 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Filtering/Filtering 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Filtering/Filtering 7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Formant/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Formant/Formant 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Formant/Formant 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Formant/Formant 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Formant/Formant 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Formant/Formant 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Formant/Formant 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Formant/Formant 7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Formant/Formant 8.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phase Mod/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phase Mod/Phase Mod 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phase Mod/Phase Mod 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phase Mod/Phase Mod 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phase Mod/Phase Mod 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phase Mod/Phase Mod 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phaser/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phaser/Phaser 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phaser/Phaser 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phaser/Phaser 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Phaser/Phaser 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Ring Mod/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Ring Mod/Ring Mod 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Ring Mod/Ring Mod 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Ring Mod/Ring Mod 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Ring Mod/Ring Mod 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Ring Mod/Ring Mod 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Ring Mod/Ring Mod 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Sync/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Sync/Sync 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Sync/Sync 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Sync/Sync 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Sync/Sync 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 10.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 11.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 12.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 13.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 14.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 15.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 16.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 17.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 18.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 19.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 20.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 21.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 22.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 23.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 24.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 25.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 8.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Philippe Favre/Tones/Tones 9.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Abrasive Warmth.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Articulate Croak.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Careful Now.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Chartreuse.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Even To Odd Stutter.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Excluded Shrieker.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Frequenskitter.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Gremlin Mode.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Half Even Half Odd.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Harmonizer Morph 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Harmonizer Morph 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Harmonizer Morph 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Harmonizer Morph 4A.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Harmonizer Morph 4B.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Lava Flood.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Murderonance.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Odd Oneirid.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Powerup.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Qonundrum.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Squarified Oneirid.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Squelch Pluck.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Qonundrai/Vibrant Oneirid.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Chemical Reaction.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Digital Movement.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/FM Scream Redux.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Glitch Voice.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Growl Spectrum.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Humanoid.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Machine Learning.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Noise Calibration.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Phase Relations.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Pulse Spikes.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Shape Shifter.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Spectra Voice.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Spectral Mirror.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Surge Synthesizer.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Wave Collection.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Wave Crush.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/TNMG/Xenharmonic.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Acid/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Acid/VT Acid 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Acid/VT Acid 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Acid/VT Acid 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Acid/VT Acid 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Acid/VT Acid 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 10.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 8.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Analog Hybrid/VT Analog Hybrid 9.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Chaos/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Chaos/VT Chaos 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Chaos/VT Chaos 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Chaos/VT Chaos 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Chaos/VT Chaos 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Chaos/VT Chaos 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Elevate/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Elevate/VT Elevate 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Elevate/VT Elevate 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Elevate/VT Elevate 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Elevate/VT Elevate 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Elevate/VT Elevate 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 10.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 8.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/FM/VT FM 9.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Flobeld/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Flobeld/VT Flobeld 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Flobeld/VT Flobeld 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Flobeld/VT Flobeld 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Flobeld/VT Flobeld 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Flobeld/VT Flobeld 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 1.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 10.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 2.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 3.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 4.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 5.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 6.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 7.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 8.wav
usr/share/surge-xt/wavetables_3rdparty/Venus Theory/Growl/VT Growl 9.wav
