%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ah Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ah Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ah Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ah Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Bright white noise stereo.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Brown noise stereo.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Eh Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Eh Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Eh Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Eh Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Guitar.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ih Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ih Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ih Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ih Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Leadsaw.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Oh Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Oh Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Oh Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Oh Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ou Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ou Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ou Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Ou Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Pink noise stereo.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Pluckg#.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Uh Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Uh Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Uh Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Uh Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Vapo vinyl 1.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Vapo vinyl 2.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Vapo vinyl 3.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Vapo vinyl 4.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Vapo vinyl 5.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Very bright white noise stereo.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Yh Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Yh Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Yh Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Noises/Yh Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Accent Arp.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Accent Chords ARP.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Acid Pattern.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Aegis Melody.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Airwave Arp.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Aria Arp.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR BS Morser.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Beauty Arp.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Bells Party.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Call Mr Kavinsky.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Comb ARP.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Comber.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Dance With Me.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR FM Chords.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Mellow Sequence.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Olivia.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Power Chords ARP.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Reso Slow Hard.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Reso Slow Smooth.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Tension.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Tour de Force.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Trance Gate Arp.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Trance Gate.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AR Trancebells.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AT Ambience 1.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AT Ambience 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AT Granular Chords 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AT Granular Chords.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AT I'll House Your Grains.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AT Ice Streams.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AT Memories Of Bliss.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/AT Shores of Eden.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA 5th Bass 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA 5th Bass 3.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA 5th Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Admiral.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Another Yaya.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Awesome Tube Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bass Combination 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bass Combination.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bassy Formants 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bassy Formants 3.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bassy Formants 4.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bassy Formants 5.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bassy Formants 6.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bassy Formants 7.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bassy Formants.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bitcrush Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Boing.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bombastic.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Bubblebath.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Control the Future.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Creak Bass 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Creak Bass 3.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Creak Bass 4.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Creak Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Crusher.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Darkstar.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Deep 5ths.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Deep 7th.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Deep Detroit 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Deep Detroit.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Detune It.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Dirty Slap.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Distorted Bass 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Distorted Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Downface.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Drifter.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Drop Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Dub 1.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Dubstep FM.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Engine Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Evolve Env Filter.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Evolve Shot 1.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Evolve Stable Filter.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Evolve Sub.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA FM Dub Stepper.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA FM is the Phuture.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Flanged.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Flanger.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Formant Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Formants Plucker.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Future 1.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Future 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Groundbreaker.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Growling Rolling .vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Hard Detuned.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Hard Sync.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Hollow Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Homerun.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA I Am Dizzy.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Lfo.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Liam.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Loud and Clear 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Loud and Clear.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA MSEG Wobble.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Mars Walk.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Melodic Techno Bass 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Melodic Techno Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Moon Walk.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Mountain Brew.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Organ Bass 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Organ Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Phaser.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Psytrance 7th.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Psytrance Bass 01.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Psytrance Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Psytrance Bassline 001 Stereo.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Pulsedriver.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Quacker.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Scatter 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Scatter.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Slap Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Slap Jack.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Stellar.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Stereo Delay Bass 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Stereo Delay Bass 3.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Stereo Delay Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Straight Bass 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Straight Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Straight One.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Sub Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Sub Sonic Growl.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA The Darkest Side.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Triangle Sharp FM.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Very Angry.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA War Chariot.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Wobble Bass 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Wobble Bass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Wobble Chaos 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Wobble Chaos.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Wobble Mania 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Wobble Mania.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Wobble Shaker 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BA Wobble Shaker.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BL Bells 001.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BL Bells 002.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BL Bells.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BR Clean Brass 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/BR Clean Brass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/CH Chord Long Verb.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/CH Evolve Chord.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/CH Happy Chords 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/CH Happy Chords.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/DR Clap 001.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/DR Crash 001.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/DR Hard Kick 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/DR Hard Kick.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/DR Hat 001.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/DR Kick A 001.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/DR Kick C 001.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/DR Kick C 002.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/DR Sine Kick.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Alarm.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Alien Signals.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Arcade.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Came From Another Planet.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Computing.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Dentist.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Explosion.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX FM Downlifter Noise.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX FM Downlifter.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX FM Effects.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX FM Is Here.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Helicopter.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Motor.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Scream.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Simple Noise Uplifter.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Siren.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX Subsonic Impact.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX The Wolves's Cries.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/FX We Need A Beat.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/GT MPE Guitar.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Square +14.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Square +24.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Square +34.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Square Reso +14.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Square Reso +24.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Square Reso +34.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Square Reso.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Square.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Vaporizer BQF LPF.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Vaporizer DQF LDF.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD 303 Vaporizer DQF LPF.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Brassy Synth Lead.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Combination 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Combination.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Dance Flute.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Dance Guitar.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD FX Lead Synth.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Fat EDM Lead 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Fat EDM Lead.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Funk Master.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Future Bass Lead.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Future Dive 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Future Dive.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Katana.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Layer Lead.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Lazer Beam.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Lime Lead.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Metallic Stab ARPed.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Metallic Stab.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Metro Through Underground.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Mighty Lead Soft.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Mighty Lead.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Phazed Saw.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Phazed Square.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Phazed Starting Preset.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Sharp Layer.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Show Off.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Snake Flute.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD The Mosquito.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/LD Visage.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/MA Marimba Paradise.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/OR Clean Organ 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/OR Clean Organ.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/OR Organ Rotary 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/OR Organ Rotary.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/OR Sinewave Organ.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Aftertouch Formants.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Aftertouch Pad 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Aftertouch Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Archangel.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Bell Pad 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Bell Pad 3.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Bell Pad 4.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Bell Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Benton.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Bladerunner 2019.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Bladerunner 2020.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Bladerunner Lift MPE.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Bladerunner MPE.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Blaze.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Brooms Dance.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Charger.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Counter.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Cutoff Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Darknight.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Deep Sea.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Dephased Time.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Descent To Gaia.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Dirty Layer Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Distorted Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Drone Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Emily.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Endless Limit.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Enlarged Frequencies.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Epic Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Etheral Wobble.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Everybody.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Fake Saw.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Fat Sawish Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Future Bass Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Future Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Here we go.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Hyper Chorus.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Hyper Flanger.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Hyper Phaser.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Inside Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Juno Dream Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Juno Massive Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Koma.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD LFObia.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Lime Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Limited Pulse.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD MSEG To The Beat.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Majestic.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Marimba Lift MPE.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Merlin.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Nice And Warm.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Notch.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Oscillomatic.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Power Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Prophet Reso Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Pulsation.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Rain Of Stars.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Relax Your Mind.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Rich Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Sensor Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Sky Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Soft Marimba Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Sunlight.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Trial 1.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Warm Syn Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Wisteria.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Witch Calling.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PD Wobble Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL 8bit Crush.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Aegis 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Aegis.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Aria 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Aria.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Beauty 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Beauty.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Big Room 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Big Room.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Carribean Party 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Carribean Party.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Chrysanthe Pitched.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Chrysanthe.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Compressed Syn Pluck.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Crushed Pluck.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Evolve 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Evolve.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Glassy Dance Pluck.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Phoenix.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Plucked Pitched 001.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Plucked Pitched 002.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Prophet 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Prophet.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Sacred Ground.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Silverpluck.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Sky Plucks.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Tribute 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Tribute Velocity.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PL Tribute.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PN Bright House Piano.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PN Granular Vapiano.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PN Vapiano Glissando.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PN Vapiano Table 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PN Vapiano Table.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/PN Vapiano.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI AMP UP.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI LFO Saw.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI LFO Up.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Macro Riser 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Macro Riser.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Pitch Up.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Riser 006.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Simple Sweep.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Starting Riser.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Step Riser Growl.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Sweep This.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Vapo Riser Long.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI White Noise.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/RI Wobble Riser.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Square Disto +14db.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Square Disto +24db.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Square Disto +34db.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Square Reso Disto +14db.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Square Reso Disto +24db.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Square Reso Disto +34db.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Square Reso.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Square.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Vaporizer Saw Biquad Reso Disto.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Vaporizer Saw Digital Reso Disto.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Vaporizer Saw Ladder Reso Disto.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY 303 Vaporizer Saw SVF Reso Disto.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Accordeon Lead.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Acid MPE.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Acid.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Analog Taste 001.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Analog Taste 002.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Analog Taste 003.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Analog Taste 01.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Analog Taste 02.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Andrew Slide.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Basic Hypersaw Noise.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Basic Hypersaw.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Basic Phase Modulation.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Basic Pitch Modulation.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Bitcrushed.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Brassy Synth Lead.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Breakball.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Charger.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Chop Syn.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Combine 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Combine.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Complexor.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Crushed Trumpets.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Darknight.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Evolve Shot 1.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Evolve Shot 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Evolve Shot 3.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY FM Sweep.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Fierce Brass.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Fierce Combination.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Filters 3 Stages Parallel.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Flanged Steps.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Formant Macro Synth.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Formant Party.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Formant Wobble 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Formant Wobble.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Formants Keys.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Future Bass Stab.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Glissando Voices.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Harmonic Sweep.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Hold And Comb Me.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Horror.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Hybrid Nylon.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Hyper Chorus.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Industrial Strength.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Inverted Excitement.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Its Alive.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Japan.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Joaquin Ace Viral Buzz.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Kyoto Synth.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY LFO Wobble.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Lifeline.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Lord Of Synths.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Morphing Pulses.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Movement.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Multi Chorus.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Nasty Limited EDM.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Nasty Wobble.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Oscillator Drift Chained.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Oscillator Drift Portamento.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Oscillator Drift.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Overrated.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY PWM Sync Lead.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Pad Formants.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Phazed Saw Square 2 stereo.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Phazed Saw Square 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Pluck Synth.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Psytrance 7th.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Radio Eriwan.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Replicant.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Rubberband.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Saw2Sine Resonant.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Saw2Sine.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Scary Synth 001.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Sharp Wobble.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Sho Syn.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Simple.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Sincwindowed Sync.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Slap Jack Synth.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Slap Joe.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Slap Syn.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Smoothed Form 01 + disto.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Smoothed Form 01.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Smoothed Saw.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Soundtrack.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Syn Pad.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Sync.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Table Tracker.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY The Audience Is Listening.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Universe.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Vapo Choir.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Voices.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/SY Waverider.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/TG FM Phantoms.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/TG Formant Pulse.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/TG Formant Trance Gate.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/TG Hells Gates.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/TG Hypersaw Hardtrance 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/TG Hypersaw Hardtrance.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/TG Phantoms Can Speak.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Baby.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Clean Voices.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Dance 2.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Dance.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC I Was Weird.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Keytracked Voice.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Mello Vocal Chop Loop.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Mello Vocal Chop.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Music.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Solene Ah.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Vaporizer.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Presets/VC Wanna House.vvp
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 01.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 02.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 03.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 04.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 05.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 06.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 07.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 08.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 09.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 10.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 11.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 12.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 13.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 14.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 15.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 16.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 17.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 18.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 19.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 20.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 21.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 22.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 23.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 24.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 25.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 26.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 27.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 28.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 29.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 30.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 31.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 32.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 33.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 34.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 35.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 36.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 37.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 38.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 39.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 40.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 41.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 42.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 43.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 44.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 45.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 46.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 47.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 48.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 49.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 50.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 51.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 52.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 53.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 54.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 55.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 56.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 57.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 58.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 59.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 60.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 61.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 62.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 63.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 64.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 65.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 66.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 67.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 68.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Additive/ADDITIVE 70.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Saw Disto +14db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Saw Disto +24db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Saw Disto +34db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Saw Reso Disto +14db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Saw Reso Disto +24db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Saw Reso Disto +34db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Saw Reso.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Saw.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Square Disto +14db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Square Disto +24db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Square Disto +34db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Square Reso Disto +14db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Square Reso Disto +24db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Square Reso Disto +34db.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Square Reso.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/303/303 Square.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Alpha Juno Shapes PWM.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (1).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (10).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (100).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (101).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (102).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (103).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (104).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (105).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (106).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (107).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (11).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (12).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (13).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (14).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (15).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (16).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (17).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (18).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (19).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (2).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (20).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (21).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (22).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (23).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (24).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (25).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (26).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (27).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (28).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (29).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (3).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (30).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (31).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (32).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (33).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (34).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (35).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (36).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (37).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (38).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (39).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (4).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (40).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (41).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (42).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (43).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (44).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (45).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (46).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (47).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (48).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (49).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (5).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (50).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (51).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (52).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (53).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (54).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (55).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (56).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (57).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (58).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (59).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (6).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (60).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (61).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (62).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (63).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (64).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (65).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (66).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (67).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (68).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (69).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (7).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (70).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (71).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (72).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (73).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (74).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (75).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (76).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (77).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (78).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (79).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (8).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (80).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (81).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (82).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (83).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (84).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (85).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (86).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (87).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (88).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (89).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (9).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (90).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (91).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (92).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (93).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (94).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (95).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (96).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (97).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (98).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog (99).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog Shapes.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Analog Sine.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Bottle.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Filthy.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Saw AEI Formant Filter.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Saw EAO Formant Filter.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Saw LP12.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Saw LP24.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Saw Phase 6 Filter.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Saw Sweep Filter.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Square LP12.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Square LP24.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Square Phase 6 Filter.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Analog/Square Sweep Filter.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/Bandpass Filter 6 Harmonics.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/Dark Filtered Reverb.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/Explosion Hall.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/Large Cathedral Hall.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/Large Concert Hall.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/Lowpass Filter 256 Harmonics.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/Lowpass Filter Low Resonance 128 Harmonics.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/Robotic Electric Reverb.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Convolution Impulse Responses/Weird Space.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (1).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (10).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (100).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (101).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (102).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (103).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (104).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (105).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (106).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (107).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (108).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (109).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (11).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (110).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (12).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (13).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (14).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (15).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (16).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (17).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (18).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (19).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (2).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (20).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (21).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (22).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (23).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (24).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (25).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (26).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (27).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (28).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (29).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (3).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (30).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (31).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (32).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (33).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (34).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (35).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (36).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (37).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (38).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (39).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (4).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (40).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (41).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (42).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (43).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (44).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (45).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (46).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (47).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (48).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (49).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (5).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (50).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (51).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (52).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (53).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (54).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (55).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (56).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (57).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (58).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (59).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (6).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (60).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (61).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (62).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (63).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (64).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (65).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (66).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (67).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (68).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (69).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (7).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (70).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (71).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (72).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (73).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (74).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (75).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (76).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (77).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (78).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (79).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (8).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (80).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (81).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (82).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (83).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (84).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (85).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (86).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (87).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (88).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (89).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (9).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (90).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (91).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (92).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (93).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (94).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (95).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (96).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (97).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (98).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Digital/Digital (99).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Harmonics 64.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Harmonics.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Hypersaw.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG1.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG10.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG11.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG12.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG13.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG14.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG15.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG16.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG17.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG18.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG19.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG2.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG20.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG21.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG22.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG23.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG24.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG25.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG26.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG27.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG28.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG29.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG3.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG30.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG31.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG32.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG33.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG34.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG35.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG36.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG37.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG4.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG5.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG6.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG7.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG8.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Animoog/VAPORIZER ANIMOOG9.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ah Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ah Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ah Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ah Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Eh Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Eh Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Eh Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Eh Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ih Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ih Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ih Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ih Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Oh Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Oh Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Oh Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Oh Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ou Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ou Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ou Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Ou Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Uh Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Uh Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Uh Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Uh Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Yh Colossus.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Yh Giant male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Yh Large male.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Formants/Yh Robotoid.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/JDXA/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/JDXA/VAPORIZER JDXA1.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/JDXA/VAPORIZER JDXA2.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/JDXA/VAPORIZER JDXA3.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/JDXA/VAPORIZER JDXA4.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS20001.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200010.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200011.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200012.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200013.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200014.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200015.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200016.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200017.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200018.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200019.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS20002.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200020.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200021.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200022.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200023.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200024.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200025.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200026.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200027.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200028.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200029.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS20003.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200030.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200031.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200032.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200033.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200034.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200035.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200036.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200037.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200038.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200039.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS20004.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200040.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200041.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200042.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200043.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200044.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200045.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200046.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200047.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200048.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200049.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS20005.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200050.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200051.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200052.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200053.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200054.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200055.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200056.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200057.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200058.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200059.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS20006.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200060.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200061.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200062.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200063.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200064.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200065.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200066.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200067.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS200068.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS20007.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS20008.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/MS2000/VAPORIZER MS20009.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON1.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON10.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON2.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON3.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON4.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON5.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON6.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON7.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON8.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Monotron/VAPORIZER MONOTRON9.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Mother 32/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Mother 32/VAPORIZER MOTHER 321.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Mother 32/VAPORIZER MOTHER 322.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE1.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE10.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE11.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE12.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE13.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE2.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE3.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE4.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE5.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE6.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE7.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE8.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Neptune/VAPORIZER NEPTUNE9.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 80001.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800010.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800011.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800012.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800013.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800014.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800015.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800016.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800017.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800018.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800019.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 80002.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800020.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800021.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800022.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800023.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800024.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800025.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800026.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800027.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 800028.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 80003.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 80004.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 80005.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 80006.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 80007.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 80008.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/OBERHEIM 80009.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 80001.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800010.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800011.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800012.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800013.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800014.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800015.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800016.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800017.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800018.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800019.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 80002.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800020.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800021.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800022.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800023.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800024.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800025.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800026.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800027.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800028.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800029.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 80003.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800030.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800031.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800032.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800033.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800034.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800035.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800036.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800037.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800038.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800039.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 80004.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800040.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800041.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800042.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800043.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800044.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800045.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800046.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800047.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800048.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800049.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 80005.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800050.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800051.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800052.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800053.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800054.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800055.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 800056.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 80006.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 80007.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 80008.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Oberheim 80000/VAPORIZER OBERHEIM 80009.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH1.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH10.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH11.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH12.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH13.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH14.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH15.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH16.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH17.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH18.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH19.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH2.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH20.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH21.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH22.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH23.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH24.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH25.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH26.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH27.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH28.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH29.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH3.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH30.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH31.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH32.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH33.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH34.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH35.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH36.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH37.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH38.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH39.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH4.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH40.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH41.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH42.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH43.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH44.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH45.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH46.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH47.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH48.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH49.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH5.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH50.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH51.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH52.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH53.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH54.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH55.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH56.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH57.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH58.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH59.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH6.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH60.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH61.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH62.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH63.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH64.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH65.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH66.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH67.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH68.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH69.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH7.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH70.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH71.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH72.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH73.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH8.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Quadrasynth/VAPORIZER QUADRASYNTH9.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (1).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (10).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (11).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (12).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (13).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (14).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (15).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (16).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (17).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (18).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (19).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (2).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (20).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (21).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (22).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (23).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (24).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (25).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (26).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (27).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (28).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (29).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (3).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (30).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (31).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (32).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (33).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (34).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (35).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (36).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (37).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (38).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (39).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (4).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (40).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (41).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (42).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (43).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (44).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (45).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (46).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (47).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (48).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (49).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (5).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (50).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (51).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (52).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (53).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (54).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (55).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (56).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (57).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (58).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (59).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (6).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (60).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (61).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (62).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (63).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (64).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (65).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (66).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (67).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (68).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (69).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (7).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (70).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (71).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (72).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (73).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (74).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (75).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (76).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (77).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (78).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (79).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (8).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (80).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (81).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (82).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (83).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (84).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (85).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (86).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (87).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (88).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (89).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (9).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/SH-1/VAPORIZER SH-1 (90).wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Sub 37/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Sub 37/VAPORIZER SUB 371.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Sub 37/VAPORIZER SUB 372.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Sub 37/VAPORIZER SUB 373.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Sub 37/VAPORIZER SUB 374.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Sub 37/VAPORIZER SUB 375.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Triple Sine Saw.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS1.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS10.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS11.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS12.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS13.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS14.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS15.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS16.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS17.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS18.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS19.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS2.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS20.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS21.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS22.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS23.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS24.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS25.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS26.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS27.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS28.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS29.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS3.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS30.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS31.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS32.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS33.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS34.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS35.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS36.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS37.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS38.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS39.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS4.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS40.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS41.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS42.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS43.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS44.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS45.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS46.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS47.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS48.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS49.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS5.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS50.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS51.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS52.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS53.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS54.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS55.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS56.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS57.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS58.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS59.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS6.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS60.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS61.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS62.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS63.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS64.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS65.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS66.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS67.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS68.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS69.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS7.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS70.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS71.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS72.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS8.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Single Cycles/Virus/VAPORIZER VIRUS9.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Standard Shapes Bandlimited.wav
usr/share/Vaporizer2/Tables/Standard Shapes.wav
usr/share/doc/
usr/share/doc/vaporizer2-common/
usr/share/doc/vaporizer2-common/Vaporizer2Manual.pdf
